!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.5.4	//
!s!TinyMCE_Menu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^   <A NAME="!s!TinyMCE_Menu"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
AbstractClause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^    class AbstractClause$/;"	c
AbstractRMagickTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class AbstractRMagickTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
ActionView	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/rails_file_column.rb	/^module ActionView # :nodoc:$/;"	m
ActiveRecord	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^module ActiveRecord #:nodoc:$/;"	m
ActiveRecord	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/rails_file_column.rb	/^module ActiveRecord # :nodoc:$/;"	m
ActiveRecord	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^class ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ActiveSupport	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^module ActiveSupport #:nodoc:$/;"	m
Acts	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^  module Acts #:nodoc:$/;"	m
AddSessions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/003_add_sessions.rb	/^class AddSessions < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
ApplicationController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/application.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
Array	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^    module Array #:nodoc:$/;"	m
Array	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^class Array #:nodoc:$/;"	c
ArrayClause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^    class ArrayClause < AbstractClause$/;"	c
ArrayDropdownTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^class ArrayDropdownTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Article	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/test_helper.rb	/^class Article < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Author	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/test_helper.rb	/^class Author < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Base	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/rails_file_column.rb	/^  class Base # :nodoc:$/;"	c
BaseUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  class BaseUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
BaseUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^  class BaseUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
Building	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/building.rb	/^class Building < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BuildingLot	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/building_lot.rb	/^class BuildingLot < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BuildingLotTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/building_lot_test.rb	/^class BuildingLotTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
BuildingTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/building_test.rb	/^class BuildingTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Buildobject	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/buildobject.rb	/^class Buildobject < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BuildobjectLot	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/buildobject_lot.rb	/^class BuildobjectLot < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BuildobjectLotTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/buildobject_lot_test.rb	/^class BuildobjectLotTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
BuildobjectTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/buildobject_test.rb	/^class BuildobjectTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Caboose	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^module Caboose$/;"	m
Caboose	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^module Caboose$/;"	m
Caboose	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^module Caboose$/;"	m
CatalogueController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^class CatalogueController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
CatalogueController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/catalogue_controller_test.rb	/^class CatalogueController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	c
CatalogueControllerTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/catalogue_controller_test.rb	/^class CatalogueControllerTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
CatalogueHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/catalogue_helper.rb	/^module CatalogueHelper$/;"	m
CityDistance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/city_distance.rb	/^class CityDistance < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
CityDistanceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/city_distance_test.rb	/^class CityDistanceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
ClassMethods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^      module ClassMethods$/;"	m
ClassMethods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^    module ClassMethods      $/;"	m
ClassMethods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^  module ClassMethods$/;"	m
ClassMethods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  module ClassMethods$/;"	m
ClassMethods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^    module ClassMethods$/;"	m
Clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^    class Clause < AbstractClause$/;"	c
Comment	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/test_helper.rb	/^class Comment < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^    class Condition$/;"	c
CoreExtensions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^  module CoreExtensions #:nodoc:$/;"	m
CreateBuildingLots	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/024_create_building_lots.rb	/^class CreateBuildingLots < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateBuildings	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/023_create_buildings.rb	/^class CreateBuildings < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateBuildobjectLots	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/034_create_buildobject_lots.rb	/^class CreateBuildobjectLots < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateBuildobjects	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/033_create_buildobjects.rb	/^class CreateBuildobjects < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateCityDistances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/036_create_city_distances.rb	/^class CreateCityDistances < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateDepartures	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/037_create_departures.rb	/^class CreateDepartures < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateElectricities	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/005_create_electricities.rb	/^class CreateElectricities < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateFullPrices	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/035_create_full_prices.rb	/^class CreateFullPrices < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateGas	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/004_create_gas.rb	/^class CreateGas < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateGreenLots	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/022_create_green_lots.rb	/^class CreateGreenLots < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateGreens	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/021_create_greens.rb	/^class CreateGreens < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateGrounds	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/020_create_grounds.rb	/^class CreateGrounds < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateGroundwaterLevels	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/027_create_groundwater_levels.rb	/^class CreateGroundwaterLevels < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLotNoiseSources	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/032_create_lot_noise_sources.rb	/^class CreateLotNoiseSources < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLotReliefs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/026_create_lot_reliefs.rb	/^class CreateLotReliefs < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLotroadDistances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/010_create_lotroad_distances.rb	/^class CreateLotroadDistances < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLotroadSurfaces	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/011_create_lotroad_surfaces.rb	/^class CreateLotroadSurfaces < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLotroadWidths	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/012_create_lotroad_widths.rb	/^class CreateLotroadWidths < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLots	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/001_create_lots.rb	/^class CreateLots < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNatureDistances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/008_create_nature_distances.rb	/^class CreateNatureDistances < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNatureTypes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/007_create_nature_types.rb	/^class CreateNatureTypes < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNatures	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/009_create_natures.rb	/^class CreateNatures < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNeighbourDistances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/019_create_neighbour_distances.rb	/^class CreateNeighbourDistances < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNeighbourTypes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/018_create_neighbour_types.rb	/^class CreateNeighbourTypes < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNeighbours	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/017_create_neighbours.rb	/^class CreateNeighbours < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNoiseSources	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/031_create_noise_sources.rb	/^class CreateNoiseSources < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNoises	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/030_create_noises.rb	/^class CreateNoises < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreatePlacements	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/016_create_placements.rb	/^class CreatePlacements < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreatePrices	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/029_create_prices.rb	/^class CreatePrices < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRegions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/002_create_regions.rb	/^class CreateRegions < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateReliefs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/025_create_reliefs.rb	/^class CreateReliefs < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRouteDistances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/014_create_route_distances.rb	/^class CreateRouteDistances < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRouteTypes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/015_create_route_types.rb	/^class CreateRouteTypes < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateRoutes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/013_create_routes.rb	/^class CreateRoutes < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateSquares	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/028_create_squares.rb	/^class CreateSquares < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateWaters	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/006_create_waters.rb	/^class CreateWaters < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CustomizeDropdownTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^class CustomizeDropdownTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Departure	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/departure.rb	/^class Departure < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
DepartureTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/departure_test.rb	/^class DepartureTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^    module Dropdown$/;"	m
Dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^      module Dropdown$/;"	m
EZ	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^  module EZ$/;"	m
EZ	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^  module EZ$/;"	m
EZ	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^  module EZ$/;"	m
EZWhereTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^class EZWhereTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Electricity	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/electricity.rb	/^class Electricity < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ElectricityTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/electricity_test.rb	/^class ElectricityTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Entry	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^class Entry < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
Entry	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class Entry $/;"	c
FileColumn	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^module FileColumn # :nodoc:$/;"	m
FileColumn	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^module FileColumn$/;"	m
FileColumn	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^module FileColumn # :nodoc:$/;"	m
FileColumn	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^module FileColumn$/;"	m
FileColumnHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column_helper.rb	/^module FileColumnHelper$/;"	m
FileColumnMoveTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^class FileColumnMoveTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
FileColumnTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^class FileColumnTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
FileCompat	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^  module FileCompat # :nodoc:$/;"	m
FullPrice	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/full_price.rb	/^class FullPrice < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
FullPriceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/full_price_test.rb	/^class FullPriceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Gas	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/gas.rb	/^class Gas < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
GasTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/gas_test.rb	/^class GasTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
GenericDropdownTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^class GenericDropdownTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Green	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/green.rb	/^class Green < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
GreenLot	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/green_lot.rb	/^class GreenLot < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
GreenLotTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/green_lot_test.rb	/^class GreenLotTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
GreenTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/green_test.rb	/^class GreenTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Ground	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/ground.rb	/^class Ground < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
GroundTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/ground_test.rb	/^class GroundTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
GroundwaterLevel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/groundwater_level.rb	/^class GroundwaterLevel < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
GroundwaterLevelTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/groundwater_level_test.rb	/^class GroundwaterLevelTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Hash	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/hash.rb	/^class Hash #:nodoc:  $/;"	c
HelperTestCase	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/helper_testcase.rb	/^class HelperTestCase < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
HomeController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	/^class HomeController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
HomeController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	/^class HomeController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	c
HomeControllerTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	/^class HomeControllerTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
HomeHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	/^module HomeHelper$/;"	m
InputPlaceholder	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/doc/vsezagorod_html4.rar_FILES/input.js	/^function InputPlaceholder (input, value, cssFilled, cssEmpty)$/;"	f
InputPlaceholder	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/input.js	/^function InputPlaceholder (input, value, cssFilled, cssEmpty)$/;"	f
InvalidOption	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^  class InvalidOption < Exception    $/;"	c
Lot	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lot.rb	/^class Lot < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotNoiseSource	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lot_noise_source.rb	/^class LotNoiseSource < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotNoiseSourceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_noise_source_test.rb	/^class LotNoiseSourceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
LotRelief	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lot_relief.rb	/^class LotRelief < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotReliefTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_relief_test.rb	/^class LotReliefTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
LotTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_test.rb	/^class LotTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
LotroadDistance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lotroad_distance.rb	/^class LotroadDistance < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotroadDistanceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_distance_test.rb	/^class LotroadDistanceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
LotroadSurface	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lotroad_surface.rb	/^class LotroadSurface < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotroadSurfaceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_surface_test.rb	/^class LotroadSurfaceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
LotroadWidth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lotroad_width.rb	/^class LotroadWidth < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LotroadWidthTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_width_test.rb	/^class LotroadWidthTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
M000001	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Array/Dropdown.html	/^        <a name="M000001"><\/a>$/;"	a
M000002	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown/ClassMethods.html	/^        <a name="M000002"><\/a>$/;"	a
M000003	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown/ClassMethods.html	/^        <a name="M000003"><\/a>$/;"	a
M000003	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/DropdownTest.html	/^        <a name="M000003"><\/a>$/;"	a
MCLayer	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/mclayer.js	/^function MCLayer(id) {$/;"	f
MCLayer	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/mclayer.js	/^function MCLayer(id) {$/;"	f
MCTabs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/mctabs.js	/^function MCTabs() {$/;"	f
MCTabs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/mctabs.js	/^function MCTabs() {$/;"	f
MCWindow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/jscripts/mcwindows.js	/^function MCWindow() {$/;"	f
MCWindow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/jscripts/mcwindows.js	/^function MCWindow() {$/;"	f
MCWindows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/jscripts/mcwindows.js	/^function MCWindows() {$/;"	f
MCWindows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/jscripts/mcwindows.js	/^function MCWindows() {$/;"	f
MagickExtension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^  module MagickExtension$/;"	m
MapController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/map_controller.rb	/^class MapController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
MapController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/map_controller_test.rb	/^class MapController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	c
MapControllerTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/map_controller_test.rb	/^class MapControllerTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
MapHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/map_helper.rb	/^module MapHelper$/;"	m
Movie	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^class Movie < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
MultiClause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^    class MultiClause < AbstractClause$/;"	c
Nature	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/nature.rb	/^class Nature < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NatureDistance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/nature_distance.rb	/^class NatureDistance < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NatureDistanceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_distance_test.rb	/^class NatureDistanceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NatureTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_test.rb	/^class NatureTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NatureType	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/nature_type.rb	/^class NatureType < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NatureTypeTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_type_test.rb	/^class NatureTypeTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Neighbour	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/neighbour.rb	/^class Neighbour < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NeighbourDistance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/neighbour_distance.rb	/^class NeighbourDistance < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NeighbourDistanceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_distance_test.rb	/^class NeighbourDistanceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NeighbourTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_test.rb	/^class NeighbourTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NeighbourType	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/neighbour_type.rb	/^class NeighbourType < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NeighbourTypeTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_type_test.rb	/^class NeighbourTypeTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NoUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  class NoUploadedFile < BaseUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
Noise	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/noise.rb	/^class Noise < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NoiseSource	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/noise_source.rb	/^class NoiseSource < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NoiseSourceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/noise_source_test.rb	/^class NoiseSourceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
NoiseTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/noise_test.rb	/^class NoiseTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
OptionValidator	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^  module OptionValidator$/;"	m
Page	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/page.rb	/^class Page < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
PageController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/page_controller.rb	/^class PageController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
PageHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/page_helper.rb	/^module PageHelper$/;"	m
PermanentUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  class PermanentUploadedFile < RealUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
Placement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/placement.rb	/^class Placement < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
PlacementTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/placement_test.rb	/^class PlacementTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
PluralizeClause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^class PluralizeClause < Caboose::EZ::AbstractClause$/;"	c
Price	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/price.rb	/^class Price < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
PriceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/price_test.rb	/^class PriceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
RMagickCroppingTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickCroppingTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickCustomAttributesTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickCustomAttributesTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickPermissionsTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickPermissionsTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickRequiresImageTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickRequiresImageTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickSimpleTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickSimpleTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickTransformationTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickTransformationTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickVersionsTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class RMagickVersionsTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
RMagickViewOnlyTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_view_only_test.rb	/^class RMagickViewOnlyTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
RealUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  class RealUploadedFile < BaseUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
Region	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/region.rb	/^class Region < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RegionTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/region_test.rb	/^class RegionTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Relief	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/relief.rb	/^class Relief < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ReliefTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/relief_test.rb	/^class ReliefTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
RequestMock	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^class RequestMock$/;"	c
Route	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/route.rb	/^class Route < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RouteDistance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/route_distance.rb	/^class RouteDistance < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RouteDistanceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_distance_test.rb	/^class RouteDistanceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
RouteTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_test.rb	/^class RouteTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
RouteType	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/route_type.rb	/^class RouteType < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
RouteTypeTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_type_test.rb	/^class RouteTypeTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
SearchFilterParams	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^class SearchFilterParams$/;"	c
SortHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^module SortHelper$/;"	m
SqlClause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^    class SqlClause < AbstractClause$/;"	c
Square	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/square.rb	/^class Square < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
SquareTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/square_test.rb	/^class SquareTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
State	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/fixtures/state.rb	/^class State < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
StateOverride	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/fixtures/state.rb	/^class StateOverride < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
StateOverrideTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^class StateOverrideTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
StubController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/helper_testcase.rb	/^class StubController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
TempUploadedFile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  class TempUploadedFile < RealUploadedFile # :nodoc:$/;"	c
Test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/test_helper.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/test_helper.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase #:nodoc:$/;"	c
Test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/test_case.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
Test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^class Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
TestController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^class TestController$/;"	c
TinyMCE	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^module TinyMCE$/;"	m
TinyMCEController	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^class TinyMCEController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
TinyMCEHelper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^module TinyMCEHelper$/;"	m
TinyMCE_Cleanup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Cleanup() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Cleanup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Cleanup() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Cleanup()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Cleanup()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_ContextMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_ContextMenu(settings) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_ContextMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_ContextMenu(settings) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Control	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Control(settings) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Control	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Control(settings) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Control()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Control()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_Engine	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce.js	/^function TinyMCE_Engine(){this.majorVersion="2";this.minorVersion="0.6.1";this.releaseDate="2006-05-04";this.instances=new Array();this.switchClassCache=new Array();this.windowArgs=new Array();this.loadedFiles=new Array();this.pendingFiles=new Array();this.loadingIndex=0;this.configs=new Array();this.currentConfig=0;this.eventHandlers=new Array();var ua=navigator.userAgent;this.isMSIE=(navigator.appName=="Microsoft Internet Explorer");this.isMSIE5=this.isMSIE&&(ua.indexOf('MSIE 5')!=-1);this.isMSIE5_0=this.isMSIE&&(ua.indexOf('MSIE 5.0')!=-1);this.isGecko=ua.indexOf('Gecko')!=-1;this.isSafari=ua.indexOf('Safari')!=-1;this.isOpera=ua.indexOf('Opera')!=-1;this.isMac=ua.indexOf('Mac')!=-1;this.isNS7=ua.indexOf('Netscape\/7')!=-1;this.isNS71=ua.indexOf('Netscape\/7.1')!=-1;this.dialogCounter=0;this.plugins=new Array();this.themes=new Array();this.menus=new Array();this.loadedPlugins=new Array();this.buttonMap=new Array();this.isLoaded=false;if(this.isOpera){this.isMSIE=true;this.isGecko=false;this.isSafari=false;}this.idCounter=0;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype={init:function(settings){var theme;this.settings=settings;if(typeof(document.execCommand)=='undefined')return;if(!tinyMCE.baseURL){var elements=document.getElementsByTagName('script');for(var i=0;i<elements.length;i++){if(elements[i].src&&(elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_dev.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_src.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_gzip")!=-1)){var src=elements[i].src;tinyMCE.srcMode=(src.indexOf('_src')!=-1||src.indexOf('_dev')!=-1)?'_src':'';tinyMCE.gzipMode=src.indexOf('_gzip')!=-1;src=src.substring(0,src.lastIndexOf('\/'));if(settings.exec_mode=="src"||settings.exec_mode=="normal")tinyMCE.srcMode=settings.exec_mode=="src"?'_src':'';tinyMCE.baseURL=src;break;}}}this.documentBasePath=document.location.href;if(this.documentBasePath.indexOf('?')!=-1)this.documentBasePath=this.documentBasePath.substring(0,this.documentBasePath.indexOf('?'));this.documentURL=this.documentBasePath;this.documentBasePath=this.documentBasePath.substring(0,this.documentBasePath.lastIndexOf('\/'));if(tinyMCE.baseURL.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&tinyMCE.baseURL.charAt(0)!='\/'){tinyMCE.baseURL=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+tinyMCE.baseURL;}this._def("mode","none");this._def("theme","advanced");this._def("plugins","",true);this._def("language","en");this._def("docs_language",this.settings['language']);this._def("elements","");this._def("textarea_trigger","mce_editable");this._def("editor_selector","");this._def("editor_deselector","mceNoEditor");this._def("valid_elements","+a[id|style|rel|rev|charset|hreflang|dir|lang|tabindex|accesskey|type|name|href|target|title|class|onfocus|onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onmousedown|onmouseup|onmouseover|onmousemove|onmouseout|onkeypress|onkeydown|onkeyup],-strong\/-b[class|style],-em\/-i[class|style],-strike[class|style],-u[class|style],#p[id|style|dir|class|align],-ol[class|style],-ul[class|style],-li[class|style],br,img[id|dir|lang|longdesc|usemap|style|class|src|onmouseover|onmouseout|border|alt=|title|hspace|vspace|width|height|align],-sub[style|class],-sup[style|class],-blockquote[dir|style],-table[border=0|cellspacing|cellpadding|width|height|class|align|summary|style|dir|id|lang|bgcolor|background|bordercolor],-tr[id|lang|dir|class|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|bgcolor|background|bordercolor],tbody[id|class],thead[id|class],tfoot[id|class],-td[id|lang|dir|class|colspan|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|bgcolor|background|bordercolor|scope],-th[id|lang|dir|class|colspan|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|scope],caption[id|lang|dir|class|style],-div[id|dir|class|align|style],-span[style|class|align],-pre[class|align|style],address[class|align|style],-h1[id|style|dir|class|align],-h2[id|style|dir|class|align],-h3[id|style|dir|class|align],-h4[id|style|dir|class|align],-h5[id|style|dir|class|align],-h6[id|style|dir|class|align],hr[class|style],-font[face|size|style|id|class|dir|color],dd[id|class|title|style|dir|lang],dl[id|class|title|style|dir|lang],dt[id|class|title|style|dir|lang]");this._def("extended_valid_elements","");this._def("invalid_elements","");this._def("encoding","");this._def("urlconverter_callback",tinyMCE.getParam("urlconvertor_callback","TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertURL"));this._def("save_callback","");this._def("debug",false);this._def("force_br_newlines",false);this._def("force_p_newlines",true);this._def("add_form_submit_trigger",true);this._def("relative_urls",true);this._def("remove_script_host",true);this._def("focus_alert",true);this._def("document_base_url",this.documentURL);this._def("visual",true);this._def("visual_table_class","mceVisualAid");this._def("setupcontent_callback","");this._def("fix_content_duplication",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo_levels",-1);this._def("custom_undo_redo_keyboard_shortcuts",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo_restore_selection",true);this._def("verify_html",true);this._def("apply_source_formatting",false);this._def("directionality","ltr");this._def("cleanup_on_startup",false);this._def("inline_styles",false);this._def("convert_newlines_to_brs",false);this._def("auto_reset_designmode",true);this._def("entities","39,#39,160,nbsp,161,iexcl,162,cent,163,pound,164,curren,165,yen,166,brvbar,167,sect,168,uml,169,copy,170,ordf,171,laquo,172,not,173,shy,174,reg,175,macr,176,deg,177,plusmn,178,sup2,179,sup3,180,acute,181,micro,182,para,183,middot,184,cedil,185,sup1,186,ordm,187,raquo,188,frac14,189,frac12,190,frac34,191,iquest,192,Agrave,193,Aacute,194,Acirc,195,Atilde,196,Auml,197,Aring,198,AElig,199,Ccedil,200,Egrave,201,Eacute,202,Ecirc,203,Euml,204,Igrave,205,Iacute,206,Icirc,207,Iuml,208,ETH,209,Ntilde,210,Ograve,211,Oacute,212,Ocirc,213,Otilde,214,Ouml,215,times,216,Oslash,217,Ugrave,218,Uacute,219,Ucirc,220,Uuml,221,Yacute,222,THORN,223,szlig,224,agrave,225,aacute,226,acirc,227,atilde,228,auml,229,aring,230,aelig,231,ccedil,232,egrave,233,eacute,234,ecirc,235,euml,236,igrave,237,iacute,238,icirc,239,iuml,240,eth,241,ntilde,242,ograve,243,oacute,244,ocirc,245,otilde,246,ouml,247,divide,248,oslash,249,ugrave,250,uacute,251,ucirc,252,uuml,253,yacute,254,thorn,255,yuml,402,fnof,913,Alpha,914,Beta,915,Gamma,916,Delta,917,Epsilon,918,Zeta,919,Eta,920,Theta,921,Iota,922,Kappa,923,Lambda,924,Mu,925,Nu,926,Xi,927,Omicron,928,Pi,929,Rho,931,Sigma,932,Tau,933,Upsilon,934,Phi,935,Chi,936,Psi,937,Omega,945,alpha,946,beta,947,gamma,948,delta,949,epsilon,950,zeta,951,eta,952,theta,953,iota,954,kappa,955,lambda,956,mu,957,nu,958,xi,959,omicron,960,pi,961,rho,962,sigmaf,963,sigma,964,tau,965,upsilon,966,phi,967,chi,968,psi,969,omega,977,thetasym,978,upsih,982,piv,8226,bull,8230,hellip,8242,prime,8243,Prime,8254,oline,8260,frasl,8472,weierp,8465,image,8476,real,8482,trade,8501,alefsym,8592,larr,8593,uarr,8594,rarr,8595,darr,8596,harr,8629,crarr,8656,lArr,8657,uArr,8658,rArr,8659,dArr,8660,hArr,8704,forall,8706,part,8707,exist,8709,empty,8711,nabla,8712,isin,8713,notin,8715,ni,8719,prod,8721,sum,8722,minus,8727,lowast,8730,radic,8733,prop,8734,infin,8736,ang,8743,and,8744,or,8745,cap,8746,cup,8747,int,8756,there4,8764,sim,8773,cong,8776,asymp,8800,ne,8801,equiv,8804,le,8805,ge,8834,sub,8835,sup,8836,nsub,8838,sube,8839,supe,8853,oplus,8855,otimes,8869,perp,8901,sdot,8968,lceil,8969,rceil,8970,lfloor,8971,rfloor,9001,lang,9002,rang,9674,loz,9824,spades,9827,clubs,9829,hearts,9830,diams,34,quot,38,amp,60,lt,62,gt,338,OElig,339,oelig,352,Scaron,353,scaron,376,Yuml,710,circ,732,tilde,8194,ensp,8195,emsp,8201,thinsp,8204,zwnj,8205,zwj,8206,lrm,8207,rlm,8211,ndash,8212,mdash,8216,lsquo,8217,rsquo,8218,sbquo,8220,ldquo,8221,rdquo,8222,bdquo,8224,dagger,8225,Dagger,8240,permil,8249,lsaquo,8250,rsaquo,8364,euro",true);this._def("entity_encoding","named");this._def("cleanup_callback","");this._def("add_unload_trigger",true);this._def("ask",false);this._def("nowrap",false);this._def("auto_resize",false);this._def("auto_focus",false);this._def("cleanup",true);this._def("remove_linebreaks",true);this._def("button_tile_map",false);this._def("submit_patch",true);this._def("browsers","msie,safari,gecko,opera",true);this._def("dialog_type","window");this._def("accessibility_warnings",true);this._def("accessibility_focus",true);this._def("merge_styles_invalid_parents","");this._def("force_hex_style_colors",true);this._def("trim_span_elements",true);this._def("convert_fonts_to_spans",false);this._def("doctype",'<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-\/\/W3C\/\/DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional\/\/EN">');this._def("font_size_classes",'');this._def("font_size_style_values",'xx-small,x-small,small,medium,large,x-large,xx-large',true);this._def("event_elements",'a,img',true);this._def("convert_urls",true);this._def("table_inline_editing",false);this._def("object_resizing",true);this._def("custom_shortcuts",true);this._def("convert_on_click",false);this._def("content_css",'');this._def("fix_list_elements",false);this._def("fix_table_elements",false);this._def("strict_loading_mode",document.contentType=='application\/xhtml+xml');this._def("hidden_tab_class",'');this._def("display_tab_class",'');if(this.isMSIE&&!this.isOpera)this.settings.strict_loading_mode=false;if(this.isMSIE&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('msie')==-1)return;if(this.isGecko&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('gecko')==-1)return;if(this.isSafari&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('safari')==-1)return;if(this.isOpera&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('opera')==-1)return;var baseHREF=tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url'];var h=document.location.href;var p=h.indexOf(':\/\/');if(p>0&&document.location.protocol!="file:"){p=h.indexOf('\/',p+3);h=h.substring(0,p);if(baseHREF.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1)baseHREF=h+baseHREF;tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']=baseHREF;tinyMCE.settings['document_base_prefix']=h;}if(baseHREF.indexOf('?')!=-1)baseHREF=baseHREF.substring(0,baseHREF.indexOf('?'));this.settings['base_href']=baseHREF.substring(0,baseHREF.lastIndexOf('\/'))+"\/";theme=this.settings['theme'];this.blockRegExp=new RegExp("^(h[1-6]|p|div|address|pre|form|table|li|ol|ul|td|blockquote|center|dl|dt|dd|dir|fieldset|form|noscript|noframes|menu|isindex|samp)$","i");this.posKeyCodes=new Array(13,45,36,35,33,34,37,38,39,40);this.uniqueURL='javascript:TINYMCE_UNIQUEURL();';this.uniqueTag='<div id="mceTMPElement" style="display: none">TMP<\/div>';this.callbacks=new Array('onInit','getInfo','getEditorTemplate','setupContent','onChange','onPageLoad','handleNodeChange','initInstance','execCommand','getControlHTML','handleEvent','cleanup');this.settings['theme_href']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)this.settings['force_br_newlines']=false;if(tinyMCE.getParam("popups_css",false)){var cssPath=tinyMCE.getParam("popups_css","");if(cssPath.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&cssPath.charAt(0)!='\/')this.settings['popups_css']=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+cssPath;else this.settings['popups_css']=cssPath;}else this.settings['popups_css']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme+"\/css\/editor_popup.css";if(tinyMCE.getParam("editor_css",false)){var cssPath=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_css","");if(cssPath.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&cssPath.charAt(0)!='\/')this.settings['editor_css']=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+cssPath;else this.settings['editor_css']=cssPath;}else this.settings['editor_css']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme+"\/css\/editor_ui.css";if(tinyMCE.settings['debug']){var msg="Debug: \\n";msg+="baseURL: "+this.baseURL+"\\n";msg+="documentBasePath: "+this.documentBasePath+"\\n";msg+="content_css: "+this.settings['content_css']+"\\n";msg+="popups_css: "+this.settings['popups_css']+"\\n";msg+="editor_css: "+this.settings['editor_css']+"\\n";alert(msg);}if(this.configs.length==0){if(this.isSafari&&this.getParam('safari_warning',false))alert("Safari support is very limited and should be considered experimental.\\nSo there is no need to even submit bugreports on this early version.\\nYou can disable this message by setting: safari_warning option to false");if(typeof(TinyMCECompressed)=="undefined"){tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"DOMContentLoaded",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){if(document.body)tinyMCE.addEvent(document.body,"readystatechange",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);else tinyMCE.addEvent(document,"readystatechange",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);}tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"load",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);tinyMCE._addUnloadEvents();}}this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/themes\/'+this.settings['theme']+'\/editor_template'+tinyMCE.srcMode+'.js');this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/langs\/'+this.settings['language']+'.js');this.loadCSS(this.settings['editor_css']);var p=tinyMCE.getParam('plugins','',true,',');if(p.length>0){for(var i=0;i<p.length;i++){if(p[i].charAt(0)!='-')this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/plugins\/'+p[i]+'\/editor_plugin'+tinyMCE.srcMode+'.js');}}settings['cleanup_entities']=new Array();var entities=tinyMCE.getParam('entities','',true,',');for(var i=0;i<entities.length;i+=2)settings['cleanup_entities']['c'+entities[i]]=entities[i+1];settings['index']=this.configs.length;this.configs[this.configs.length]=settings;this.loadNextScript();},_addUnloadEvents:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(tinyMCE.settings['add_unload_trigger']){tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"unload",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler);tinyMCE.addEvent(window.document,"beforeunload",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler);}}else{if(tinyMCE.settings['add_unload_trigger'])tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"unload",function(){tinyMCE.triggerSave(true,true);});}},_def:function(key,def_val,t){var v=tinyMCE.getParam(key,def_val);v=t?v.replace(\/\\s+\/g,""):v;this.settings[key]=v;},hasPlugin:function(n){return typeof(this.plugins[n])!="undefined"&&this.plugins[n]!=null;},addPlugin:function(n,p){var op=this.plugins[n];p.baseURL=op?op.baseURL:tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/plugins\/"+n;this.plugins[n]=p;this.loadNextScript();},setPluginBaseURL:function(n,u){var op=this.plugins[n];if(op)op.baseURL=u;else this.plugins[n]={baseURL:u};},loadPlugin:function(n,u){u=u.indexOf('.js')!=-1?u.substring(0,u.lastIndexOf('\/')):u;u=u.charAt(u.length-1)=='\/'?u.substring(0,u.length-1):u;this.plugins[n]={baseURL:u};this.loadScript(u+"\/editor_plugin"+(tinyMCE.srcMode?'_src':'')+".js");},hasTheme:function(n){return typeof(this.themes[n])!="undefined"&&this.themes[n]!=null;},addTheme:function(n,t){this.themes[n]=t;this.loadNextScript();},addMenu:function(n,m){this.menus[n]=m;},hasMenu:function(n){return typeof(this.plugins[n])!="undefined"&&this.plugins[n]!=null;},loadScript:function(url){var i;for(i=0;i<this.loadedFiles.length;i++){if(this.loadedFiles[i]==url)return;}if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)this.pendingFiles[this.pendingFiles.length]=url;else document.write('<sc'+'ript language="javascript" type="text\/javascript" src="'+url+'"><\/script>');this.loadedFiles[this.loadedFiles.length]=url;},loadNextScript:function(){var d=document,se;if(!tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)return;if(this.loadingIndex<this.pendingFiles.length){se=d.createElementNS('http:\/\/www.w3.org\/1999\/xhtml','script');se.setAttribute('language','javascript');se.setAttribute('type','text\/javascript');se.setAttribute('src',this.pendingFiles[this.loadingIndex++]);d.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(se);}else this.loadingIndex=-1;},loadCSS:function(url){var ar=url.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var lflen=0,csslen=0;var skip=false;var x=0,i=0,nl,le;for(x=0,csslen=ar.length;x<csslen;x++){ignore_css=false;if(ar[x]!=null&&ar[x]!='null'&&ar[x].length>0){for(i=0,lflen=this.loadedFiles.length;i<lflen;i++){if(this.loadedFiles[i]==ar[x]){skip=true;break;}}if(!skip){if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode){nl=document.getElementsByTagName("head");le=document.createElement('link');le.setAttribute('href',ar[x]);le.setAttribute('rel','stylesheet');le.setAttribute('type','text\/css');nl[0].appendChild(le);}else document.write('<link href="'+ar[x]+'" rel="stylesheet" type="text\/css" \/>');this.loadedFiles[this.loadedFiles.length]=ar[x];}}}},importCSS:function(doc,css){var css_ary=css.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var csslen,elm,headArr,x,css_file;for(x=0,csslen=css_ary.length;x<csslen;x++){css_file=css_ary[x];if(css_file!=null&&css_file!='null'&&css_file.length>0){if(css_file.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&css_file.charAt(0)!='\/')css_file=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+css_file;if(typeof(doc.createStyleSheet)=="undefined"){elm=doc.createElement("link");elm.rel="stylesheet";elm.href=css_file;if((headArr=doc.getElementsByTagName("head"))!=null&&headArr.length>0)headArr[0].appendChild(elm);}else doc.createStyleSheet(css_file);}}},confirmAdd:function(e,settings){var elm=tinyMCE.isMSIE?event.srcElement:e.target;var elementId=elm.name?elm.name:elm.id;tinyMCE.settings=settings;if(tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click']||(!elm.getAttribute('mce_noask')&&confirm(tinyMCELang['lang_edit_confirm'])))tinyMCE.addMCEControl(elm,elementId);elm.setAttribute('mce_noask','true');},updateContent:function(form_element_name){var formElement=document.getElementById(form_element_name);for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){var inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.switchSettings();if(inst.formElement==formElement){var doc=inst.getDoc();tinyMCE._setHTML(doc,inst.formElement.value);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)doc.body.innerHTML=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,doc,this.settings,doc.body,inst.visualAid);}}},addMCEControl:function(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document){var id="mce_editor_"+tinyMCE.idCounter++;var inst=new TinyMCE_Control(tinyMCE.settings);inst.editorId=id;this.instances[id]=inst;inst._onAdd(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document);},removeMCEControl:function(editor_id){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst){inst.switchSettings();editor_id=inst.editorId;var html=tinyMCE.getContent(editor_id);var tmpInstances=new Array();for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){var instance=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;if(instanceName!=editor_id)tmpInstances[instanceName]=instance;}tinyMCE.instances=tmpInstances;tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;tinyMCE.selectedInstance=null;var replaceElement=document.getElementById(editor_id+"_parent");var oldTargetElement=inst.oldTargetElement;var targetName=oldTargetElement.nodeName.toLowerCase();if(targetName=="textarea"||targetName=="input"){replaceElement.parentNode.removeChild(replaceElement);oldTargetElement.style.display="inline";oldTargetElement.value=html;}else{oldTargetElement.innerHTML=html;oldTargetElement.style.display='block';replaceElement.parentNode.insertBefore(oldTargetElement,replaceElement);replaceElement.parentNode.removeChild(replaceElement);}}},triggerSave:function(skip_cleanup,skip_callback){var inst,n;if(typeof(skip_cleanup)=="undefined")skip_cleanup=false;if(typeof(skip_callback)=="undefined")skip_callback=false;for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.triggerSave(skip_cleanup,skip_callback);}},resetForm:function(form_index){var i,inst,n,formObj=document.forms[form_index];for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.switchSettings();for(i=0;i<formObj.elements.length;i++){if(inst.formTargetElementId==formObj.elements[i].name)inst.getBody().innerHTML=inst.startContent;}}},execInstanceCommand:function(editor_id,command,user_interface,value,focus){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst){if(typeof(focus)=="undefined")focus=true;if(focus)inst.contentWindow.focus();inst.autoResetDesignMode();this.selectedElement=inst.getFocusElement();this.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.execCommand(command,user_interface,value);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&window.event!=null)tinyMCE.cancelEvent(window.event);}},execCommand:function(command,user_interface,value){user_interface=user_interface?user_interface:false;value=value?value:null;if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();switch(command){case'mceHelp':tinyMCE.openWindow({file:'about.htm',width:480,height:380},{tinymce_version:tinyMCE.majorVersion+"."+tinyMCE.minorVersion,tinymce_releasedate:tinyMCE.releaseDate,inline:"yes"});return;case'mceFocus':var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(value);if(inst)inst.contentWindow.focus();return;case"mceAddControl":case"mceAddEditor":tinyMCE.addMCEControl(tinyMCE._getElementById(value),value);return;case"mceAddFrameControl":tinyMCE.addMCEControl(tinyMCE._getElementById(value['element'],value['document']),value['element'],value['document']);return;case"mceRemoveControl":case"mceRemoveEditor":tinyMCE.removeMCEControl(value);return;case"mceResetDesignMode":if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(tinyMCE.instances[n]))continue;try{tinyMCE.instances[n].getDoc().designMode="on";}catch(e){}}}return;}if(this.selectedInstance){this.selectedInstance.execCommand(command,user_interface,value);}else if(tinyMCE.settings['focus_alert'])alert(tinyMCELang['lang_focus_alert']);},_createIFrame:function(replace_element,doc,win){var iframe,id=replace_element.getAttribute("id");var aw,ah;if(typeof(doc)=="undefined")doc=document;if(typeof(win)=="undefined")win=window;iframe=doc.createElement("iframe");aw=""+tinyMCE.settings['area_width'];ah=""+tinyMCE.settings['area_height'];if(aw.indexOf('%')==-1){aw=parseInt(aw);aw=aw<0?300:aw;aw=aw+"px";}if(ah.indexOf('%')==-1){ah=parseInt(ah);ah=ah<0?240:ah;ah=ah+"px";}iframe.setAttribute("id",id);iframe.setAttribute("class","mceEditorIframe");iframe.setAttribute("border","0");iframe.setAttribute("frameBorder","0");iframe.setAttribute("marginWidth","0");iframe.setAttribute("marginHeight","0");iframe.setAttribute("leftMargin","0");iframe.setAttribute("topMargin","0");iframe.setAttribute("width",aw);iframe.setAttribute("height",ah);iframe.setAttribute("allowtransparency","true");iframe.className='mceEditorIframe';if(tinyMCE.settings["auto_resize"])iframe.setAttribute("scrolling","no");if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)iframe.setAttribute("src",this.settings['default_document']);iframe.style.width=aw;iframe.style.height=ah;if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)iframe.style.marginBottom='-5px';if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)replace_element.outerHTML=iframe.outerHTML;else replace_element.parentNode.replaceChild(iframe,replace_element);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return win.frames[id];else return iframe;},setupContent:function(editor_id){var inst=tinyMCE.instances[editor_id];var doc=inst.getDoc();var head=doc.getElementsByTagName('head').item(0);var content=inst.startContent;if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode){content=content.replace(\/&lt;\/g,'<');content=content.replace(\/&gt;\/g,'>');content=content.replace(\/&quot;\/g,'"');content=content.replace(\/&amp;\/g,'&');}inst.switchSettings();if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.getParam("setupcontent_reload",false)&&doc.title!="blank_page"){try{doc.location.href=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";}catch(ex){}window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.setupContent('"+editor_id+"');",1000);return;}if(!head){window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.setupContent('"+editor_id+"');",10);return;}tinyMCE.importCSS(inst.getDoc(),tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+inst.settings['theme']+"\/css\/editor_content.css");tinyMCE.importCSS(inst.getDoc(),inst.settings['content_css']);tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'init_instance_callback','initInstance',inst);if(tinyMCE.getParam('custom_undo_redo_keyboard_shortcuts')){inst.addShortcut('ctrl','z','lang_undo_desc','Undo');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','y','lang_redo_desc','Redo');}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){inst.addShortcut('ctrl','b','lang_bold_desc','Bold');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','i','lang_italic_desc','Italic');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','u','lang_underline_desc','Underline');}if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))inst.getDoc().body.setAttribute('id','mceSpanFonts');if(tinyMCE.settings['nowrap'])doc.body.style.whiteSpace="nowrap";doc.body.dir=this.settings['directionality'];doc.editorId=editor_id;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)doc.documentElement.editorId=editor_id;inst.setBaseHREF(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);if(tinyMCE.settings['convert_newlines_to_brs']){content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\r\\n","<br \/>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\r","<br \/>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\n","<br \/>","gi");}content=tinyMCE.storeAwayURLs(content);content=tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"insert_to_editor",content);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){window.setInterval('try{tinyMCE.getCSSClasses(tinyMCE.instances["'+editor_id+'"].getDoc(), "'+editor_id+'");}catch(e){}',500);if(tinyMCE.settings["force_br_newlines"])doc.styleSheets[0].addRule("p","margin: 0;");var body=inst.getBody();body.editorId=editor_id;}content=tinyMCE.cleanupHTMLCode(content);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){var contentElement=inst.getDoc().createElement("body");var doc=inst.getDoc();contentElement.innerHTML=content;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['remove_lt_gt'])content=content.replace(new RegExp('&lt;&gt;','g'),"");if(tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_on_startup'])tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,doc,this.settings,contentElement));else{content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<strong","<b","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<em(\/?)>","<i$1>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<em ","<i ","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<\/strong>","<\/b>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<\/em>","<\/i>","gi");tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),content);}tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(inst.getBody());}else{if(tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_on_startup']){tinyMCE._setHTML(inst.getDoc(),content);eval('try {tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(), tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst, inst.contentDocument, this.settings, inst.getBody()));} catch(e) {}');}else tinyMCE._setHTML(inst.getDoc(),content);}var parentElm=inst.targetDoc.getElementById(inst.editorId+'_parent');inst.formElement=tinyMCE.isGecko?parentElm.previousSibling:parentElm.nextSibling;tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(inst.getBody(),true,tinyMCE.settings['visual'],inst);tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'setupcontent_callback','setupContent',editor_id,inst.getBody(),inst.getDoc());if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)tinyMCE.addEventHandlers(inst);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){tinyMCE.addEvent(inst.getBody(),"blur",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(inst.getBody(),"beforedeactivate",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);if(!tinyMCE.isOpera){tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"mousemove",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onMouseMove);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"beforepaste",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"drop",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);}}tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.selectedElement=inst.contentWindow.document.body;tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"insert_to_editor_dom",inst.getBody());tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"setup_content_dom",inst.getBody());tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(inst.getBody(),false);tinyMCE.cleanupAnchors(inst.getDoc());if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(inst.getDoc());inst.startContent=tinyMCE.trim(inst.getBody().innerHTML);inst.undoRedo.add({content:inst.startContent});if(tinyMCE.isGecko){tinyMCE.selectNodes(inst.getBody(),function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");}return false;});}tinyMCE._removeInternal(inst.getBody());tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false,true);},storeAwayURLs:function(s){if(!s.match(\/(mce_src|mce_href)\/gi,s)){s=s.replace(new RegExp('src\\\\s*=\\\\s*\\"([^ >\\"]*)\\"','gi'),'src="$1" mce_src="$1"');s=s.replace(new RegExp('href\\\\s*=\\\\s*\\"([^ >\\"]*)\\"','gi'),'href="$1" mce_href="$1"');}return s;},_removeInternal:function(n){if(tinyMCE.isGecko){tinyMCE.selectNodes(n,function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");}return false;});}},removeTinyMCEFormElements:function(form_obj){if(typeof(form_obj)=="undefined"||form_obj==null)return;if(form_obj.nodeName!="FORM"){if(form_obj.form)form_obj=form_obj.form;else form_obj=tinyMCE.getParentElement(form_obj,"form");}if(form_obj==null)return;for(var i=0;i<form_obj.elements.length;i++){var elementId=form_obj.elements[i].name?form_obj.elements[i].name:form_obj.elements[i].id;if(elementId.indexOf('mce_editor_')==0)form_obj.elements[i].disabled=true;}},handleEvent:function(e){var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(typeof(tinyMCE)=="undefined")return true;if(tinyMCE.executeCallback(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,'handle_event_callback','handleEvent',e))return false;switch(e.type){case"beforedeactivate":case"blur":if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.execCommand('mceEndTyping');tinyMCE.hideMenus();return;case"drop":case"beforepaste":if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.setBaseHREF(null);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){var ife=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.iframeElement;if(ife.style.height.indexOf('%')!=-1){ife._oldHeight=ife.style.height;ife.style.height=ife.clientHeight;}}window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.selectedInstance.setBaseHREF(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);tinyMCE._resetIframeHeight();",1);return;case"submit":tinyMCE.removeTinyMCEFormElements(tinyMCE.isMSIE?window.event.srcElement:e.target);tinyMCE.triggerSave();tinyMCE.isNotDirty=true;return;case"reset":var formObj=tinyMCE.isMSIE?window.event.srcElement:e.target;for(var i=0;i<document.forms.length;i++){if(document.forms[i]==formObj)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.resetForm('+i+');',10);}return;case"keypress":if(inst&&inst.handleShortcut(e))return false;if(e.target.editorId){tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];}else{if(e.target.ownerDocument.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.ownerDocument.editorId];}if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&e.keyCode==13&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._insertPara(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}}if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46)&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._handleBackSpace(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e.type)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['force_br_newlines']&&e.keyCode==13){if(e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){var sel=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getDoc().selection;var rng=sel.createRange();if(tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.parentElement(),"li")!=null)return false;e.returnValue=false;e.cancelBubble=true;rng.pasteHTML("<br \/>");rng.collapse(false);rng.select();tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);return false;}}if(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46){tinyMCE.selectedElement=e.target;tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"img");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}return false;break;case"keyup":case"keydown":tinyMCE.hideMenus();tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved=false;if(inst&&inst.handleShortcut(e))return false;if(e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];else return;if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46)&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._handleBackSpace(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e.type)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");e.preventDefault();return false;}}tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;tinyMCE.selectedNode=null;var elm=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getFocusElement();tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm,"img");tinyMCE.selectedElement=elm;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&e.type=="keyup"&&e.keyCode==9)tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getBody(),true,tinyMCE.settings['visual'],tinyMCE.selectedInstance);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.type=="keydown"&&e.keyCode==13)tinyMCE.enterKeyElement=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getFocusElement();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.type=="keyup"&&e.keyCode==13){var elm=tinyMCE.enterKeyElement;if(elm){var re=new RegExp('^HR|IMG|BR$','g');var dre=new RegExp('^H[1-6]$','g');if(!elm.hasChildNodes()&&!re.test(elm.nodeName)){if(dre.test(elm.nodeName))elm.innerHTML="&nbsp;&nbsp;";else elm.innerHTML="&nbsp;";}}}var keys=tinyMCE.posKeyCodes;var posKey=false;for(var i=0;i<keys.length;i++){if(keys[i]==e.keyCode){posKey=true;break;}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){var keys=new Array(8,46);for(var i=0;i<keys.length;i++){if(keys[i]==e.keyCode){if(e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}}}if(e.keyCode==17)return true;if(!posKey&&e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceStartTyping");if(e.type=="keydown"&&(posKey||e.ctrlKey)&&inst)inst.undoBookmark=inst.selection.getBookmark();if(e.type=="keyup"&&(posKey||e.ctrlKey))tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(posKey&&e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.ctrlKey)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);break;case"mousedown":case"mouseup":case"click":case"focus":tinyMCE.hideMenus();if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();tinyMCE.selectedInstance.isFocused=true;}var targetBody=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"body");for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(tinyMCE.instances[instanceName]))continue;var inst=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];inst.autoResetDesignMode();if(inst.getBody()==targetBody){tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.selectedElement=e.target;tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"img");break;}}if(!tinyMCE.selectedInstance.undoRedo.undoLevels[0].bookmark)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.undoRedo.undoLevels[0].bookmark=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.selection.getBookmark();if(tinyMCE.isSafari){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.lastSafariSelection=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE.selectedInstance.lastSafariSelectedElement=tinyMCE.selectedElement;var lnk=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"a");if(lnk&&e.type=="mousedown"){lnk.setAttribute("mce_real_href",lnk.getAttribute("href"));lnk.setAttribute("href","javascript:void(0);");}if(lnk&&e.type=="click"){window.setTimeout(function(){lnk.setAttribute("href",lnk.getAttribute("mce_real_href"));lnk.removeAttribute("mce_real_href");},10);}}if(e.type!="focus")tinyMCE.selectedNode=null;tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(e.type=="mouseup")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");if(!tinyMCE.selectedInstance&&e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];return false;break;}},getButtonHTML:function(id,lang,img,cmd,ui,val){var h='',m,x;cmd='tinyMCE.execInstanceCommand(\\'{$editor_id}\\',\\''+cmd+'\\'';if(typeof(ui)!="undefined"&&ui!=null)cmd+=','+ui;if(typeof(val)!="undefined"&&val!=null)cmd+=",'"+val+"'";cmd+=');';if(tinyMCE.getParam('button_tile_map')&&(!tinyMCE.isMSIE||tinyMCE.isOpera)&&(m=this.buttonMap[id])!=null&&(tinyMCE.getParam("language")=="en"||img.indexOf('$lang')==-1)){x=0-(m*20)==0?'0':0-(m*20);h+='<a id="{$editor_id}_'+id+'" href="javascript:'+cmd+'" onclick="'+cmd+'return false;" onmousedown="return false;" class="mceTiledButton mceButtonNormal" target="_self">';h+='<img src="{$themeurl}\/images\/spacer.gif" style="background-position: '+x+'px 0" title="{$'+lang+'}" \/>';h+='<\/a>';}else{h+='<a id="{$editor_id}_'+id+'" href="javascript:'+cmd+'" onclick="'+cmd+'return false;" onmousedown="return false;" class="mceButtonNormal" target="_self">';h+='<img src="'+img+'" title="{$'+lang+'}" \/>';h+='<\/a>';}return h;},addButtonMap:function(m){var i,a=m.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');for(i=0;i<a.length;i++)this.buttonMap[a[i]]=i;},submitPatch:function(){tinyMCE.removeTinyMCEFormElements(this);tinyMCE.triggerSave();this.mceOldSubmit();tinyMCE.isNotDirty=true;},onLoad:function(){if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode&&this.loadingIndex!=-1){window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.onLoad();',1);return;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera&&window.event.type=="readystatechange"&&document.readyState!="complete")return true;if(tinyMCE.isLoaded)return true;tinyMCE.isLoaded=true;tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(null,'onpageload','onPageLoad');for(var c=0;c<tinyMCE.configs.length;c++){tinyMCE.settings=tinyMCE.configs[c];var selector=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_selector");var deselector=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_deselector");var elementRefAr=new Array();if(document.forms&&tinyMCE.settings['add_form_submit_trigger']&&!tinyMCE.submitTriggers){for(var i=0;i<document.forms.length;i++){var form=document.forms[i];tinyMCE.addEvent(form,"submit",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(form,"reset",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent);tinyMCE.submitTriggers=true;if(tinyMCE.settings['submit_patch']){try{form.mceOldSubmit=form.submit;form.submit=TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.submitPatch;}catch(e){}}}}var mode=tinyMCE.settings['mode'];switch(mode){case"exact":var elements=tinyMCE.getParam('elements','',true,',');for(var i=0;i<elements.length;i++){var element=tinyMCE._getElementById(elements[i]);var trigger=element?element.getAttribute(tinyMCE.settings['textarea_trigger']):"";if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(element,"class").indexOf(deselector)!=-1)continue;if(trigger=="false")continue;if((tinyMCE.settings['ask']||tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click'])&&element){elementRefAr[elementRefAr.length]=element;continue;}if(element)tinyMCE.addMCEControl(element,elements[i]);else if(tinyMCE.settings['debug'])alert("Error: Could not find element by id or name: "+elements[i]);}break;case"specific_textareas":case"textareas":var nodeList=document.getElementsByTagName("textarea");for(var i=0;i<nodeList.length;i++){var elm=nodeList.item(i);var trigger=elm.getAttribute(tinyMCE.settings['textarea_trigger']);if(selector!=''&&tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"class").indexOf(selector)==-1)continue;if(selector!='')trigger=selector!=""?"true":"";if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"class").indexOf(deselector)!=-1)continue;if((mode=="specific_textareas"&&trigger=="true")||(mode=="textareas"&&trigger!="false"))elementRefAr[elementRefAr.length]=elm;}break;}for(var i=0;i<elementRefAr.length;i++){var element=elementRefAr[i];var elementId=element.name?element.name:element.id;if(tinyMCE.settings['ask']||tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click']){if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var settings=tinyMCE.settings;tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"focus",function(e){window.setTimeout(function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(e,settings);},10);});if(element.nodeName!="TEXTAREA"&&element.nodeName!="INPUT")tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"click",function(e){window.setTimeout(function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(e,settings);},10);});}else{var settings=tinyMCE.settings;tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"focus",function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(null,settings);});tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"click",function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(null,settings);});}}else tinyMCE.addMCEControl(element,elementId);}if(tinyMCE.settings['auto_focus']){window.setTimeout(function(){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(tinyMCE.settings['auto_focus']);inst.selection.selectNode(inst.getBody(),true,true);inst.contentWindow.focus();},10);}tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(null,'oninit','onInit');}},isInstance:function(o){return o!=null&&typeof(o)=="object"&&o.isTinyMCE_Control;},getParam:function(name,default_value,strip_whitespace,split_chr){var value=(typeof(this.settings[name])=="undefined")?default_value:this.settings[name];if(value=="true"||value=="false")return(value=="true");if(strip_whitespace)value=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(value,"[ \\t\\r\\n]","");if(typeof(split_chr)!="undefined"&&split_chr!=null){value=value.split(split_chr);var outArray=new Array();for(var i=0;i<value.length;i++){if(value[i]&&value[i]!="")outArray[outArray.length]=value[i];}value=outArray;}return value;},getLang:function(name,default_value,parse_entities,va){var v=(typeof(tinyMCELang[name])=="undefined")?default_value:tinyMCELang[name],n;if(parse_entities)v=tinyMCE.entityDecode(v);if(va){for(n in va)v=this.replaceVar(v,n,va[n]);}return v;},entityDecode:function(s){var e=document.createElement("div");e.innerHTML=s;return e.innerHTML;},addToLang:function(prefix,ar){for(var key in ar){if(typeof(ar[key])=='function')continue;tinyMCELang[(key.indexOf('lang_')==-1?'lang_':'')+(prefix!=''?(prefix+"_"):'')+key]=ar[key];}this.loadNextScript();},triggerNodeChange:function(focus,setup_content){if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;var editorId=inst.editorId;var elm=(typeof(setup_content)!="undefined"&&setup_content)?tinyMCE.selectedElement:inst.getFocusElement();var undoIndex=-1;var undoLevels=-1;var anySelection=false;var selectedText=inst.selection.getSelectedText();if(setup_content&&tinyMCE.isGecko&&inst.isHidden())elm=inst.getBody();inst.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.settings["auto_resize"]){var doc=inst.getDoc();inst.iframeElement.style.width=doc.body.offsetWidth+"px";inst.iframeElement.style.height=doc.body.offsetHeight+"px";}if(tinyMCE.selectedElement)anySelection=(tinyMCE.selectedElement.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="img")||(selectedText&&selectedText.length>0);if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){undoIndex=inst.undoRedo.undoIndex;undoLevels=inst.undoRedo.undoLevels.length;}tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'handle_node_change_callback','handleNodeChange',editorId,elm,undoIndex,undoLevels,inst.visualAid,anySelection,setup_content);}if(this.selectedInstance&&(typeof(focus)=="undefined"||focus))this.selectedInstance.contentWindow.focus();},_customCleanup:function(inst,type,content){var pl,po,i;var customCleanup=tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_callback'];if(customCleanup!=""&&eval("typeof("+customCleanup+")")!="undefined")content=eval(customCleanup+"(type, content, inst);");pl=inst.plugins;for(i=0;i<pl.length;i++){po=tinyMCE.plugins[pl[i]];if(po&&po.cleanup)content=po.cleanup(type,content,inst);}return content;},setContent:function(h){if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.execCommand('mceSetContent',false,h);tinyMCE.selectedInstance.repaint();}},importThemeLanguagePack:function(name){if(typeof(name)=="undefined")name=tinyMCE.settings['theme'];tinyMCE.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/themes\/'+name+'\/langs\/'+tinyMCE.settings['language']+'.js');},importPluginLanguagePack:function(name,valid_languages){var lang="en",b=tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/plugins\/'+name;valid_languages=valid_languages.split(',');for(var i=0;i<valid_languages.length;i++){if(tinyMCE.settings['language']==valid_languages[i])lang=tinyMCE.settings['language'];}if(this.plugins[name])b=this.plugins[name].baseURL;tinyMCE.loadScript(b+'\/langs\/'+lang+'.js');},applyTemplate:function(h,as){var i,s,ar=h.match(new RegExp('\\\\{\\\\$[a-z0-9_]+\\\\}','gi'));if(ar&&ar.length>0){for(i=ar.length-1;i>=0;i--){s=ar[i].substring(2,ar[i].length-1);if(s.indexOf('lang_')==0&&tinyMCELang[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,tinyMCELang[s]);else if(as&&as[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,as[s]);else if(tinyMCE.settings[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,tinyMCE.settings[s]);}}h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,"themeurl",tinyMCE.themeURL);return h;},replaceVar:function(h,r,v){return h.replace(new RegExp('{\\\\\\$'+r+'}','g'),v);},openWindow:function(template,args){var html,width,height,x,y,resizable,scrollbars,url;args['mce_template_file']=template['file'];args['mce_width']=template['width'];args['mce_height']=template['height'];tinyMCE.windowArgs=args;html=template['html'];if(!(width=parseInt(template['width'])))width=320;if(!(height=parseInt(template['height'])))height=200;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)height+=40;else height+=20;x=parseInt(screen.width\/2.0)-(width\/2.0);y=parseInt(screen.height\/2.0)-(height\/2.0);resizable=(args&&args['resizable'])?args['resizable']:"no";scrollbars=(args&&args['scrollbars'])?args['scrollbars']:"no";if(template['file'].charAt(0)!='\/'&&template['file'].indexOf(':\/\/')==-1)url=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+tinyMCE.getParam("theme")+"\/"+template['file'];else url=template['file'];for(var name in args){if(typeof(args[name])=='function')continue;url=tinyMCE.replaceVar(url,name,escape(args[name]));}if(html){html=tinyMCE.replaceVar(html,"css",this.settings['popups_css']);html=tinyMCE.applyTemplate(html,args);var win=window.open("","mcePopup"+new Date().getTime(),"top="+y+",left="+x+",scrollbars="+scrollbars+",dialog=yes,minimizable="+resizable+",modal=yes,width="+width+",height="+height+",resizable="+resizable);if(win==null){alert(tinyMCELang['lang_popup_blocked']);return;}win.document.write(html);win.document.close();win.resizeTo(width,height);win.focus();}else{if((tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)&&resizable!='yes'&&tinyMCE.settings["dialog_type"]=="modal"){height+=10;var features="resizable:"+resizable+";scroll:"+scrollbars+";status:yes;center:yes;help:no;dialogWidth:"+width+"px;dialogHeight:"+height+"px;";window.showModalDialog(url,window,features);}else{var modal=(resizable=="yes")?"no":"yes";if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.isMac)modal="no";if(template['close_previous']!="no")try{tinyMCE.lastWindow.close();}catch(ex){}var win=window.open(url,"mcePopup"+new Date().getTime(),"top="+y+",left="+x+",scrollbars="+scrollbars+",dialog="+modal+",minimizable="+resizable+",modal="+modal+",width="+width+",height="+height+",resizable="+resizable);if(win==null){alert(tinyMCELang['lang_popup_blocked']);return;}if(template['close_previous']!="no")tinyMCE.lastWindow=win;eval('try { win.resizeTo(width, height); } catch(e) { }');if(tinyMCE.isGecko){if(win.document.defaultView.statusbar.visible)win.resizeBy(0,tinyMCE.isMac?10:24);}win.focus();}}},closeWindow:function(win){win.close();},getVisualAidClass:function(class_name,state){var aidClass=tinyMCE.settings['visual_table_class'];if(typeof(state)=="undefined")state=tinyMCE.settings['visual'];var classNames=new Array();var ar=class_name.split(' ');for(var i=0;i<ar.length;i++){if(ar[i]==aidClass)ar[i]="";if(ar[i]!="")classNames[classNames.length]=ar[i];}if(state)classNames[classNames.length]=aidClass;var className="";for(var i=0;i<classNames.length;i++){if(i>0)className+=" ";className+=classNames[i];}return className;},handleVisualAid:function(el,deep,state,inst,skip_dispatch){if(!el)return;if(!skip_dispatch)tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'handle_visual_aid_callback','handleVisualAid',el,deep,state,inst);var tableElement=null;switch(el.nodeName){case"TABLE":var oldW=el.style.width;var oldH=el.style.height;var bo=tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"border");bo=bo==""||bo=="0"?true:false;tinyMCE.setAttrib(el,"class",tinyMCE.getVisualAidClass(tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"class"),state&&bo));el.style.width=oldW;el.style.height=oldH;for(var y=0;y<el.rows.length;y++){for(var x=0;x<el.rows[y].cells.length;x++){var cn=tinyMCE.getVisualAidClass(tinyMCE.getAttrib(el.rows[y].cells[x],"class"),state&&bo);tinyMCE.setAttrib(el.rows[y].cells[x],"class",cn);}}break;case"A":var anchorName=tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"name");if(anchorName!=''&&state){el.title=anchorName;el.className='mceItemAnchor';}else if(anchorName!=''&&!state)el.className='';break;}if(deep&&el.hasChildNodes()){for(var i=0;i<el.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(el.childNodes[i],deep,state,inst,true);}},fixGeckoBaseHREFBug:function(m,e,h){var nl,i,a,n,xsrc,xhref,el;if(tinyMCE.isGecko){if(m==1){h=h.replace(\/\\ssrc=\/gi," mce_tsrc=");h=h.replace(\/\\shref=\/gi," mce_thref=");return h;}else{el=new Array('a','img','select','area','iframe','base','input','script','embed','object','link');for(a=0;a<el.length;a++){n=e.getElementsByTagName(el[a]);for(i=0;i<n.length;i++){xsrc=tinyMCE.getAttrib(n[i],"mce_tsrc");xhref=tinyMCE.getAttrib(n[i],"mce_thref");if(xsrc!=""){try{n[i].src=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],xsrc);}catch(e){}n[i].removeAttribute("mce_tsrc");}if(xhref!=""){try{n[i].href=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],xhref);}catch(e){}n[i].removeAttribute("mce_thref");}}}el=tinyMCE.selectNodes(e,function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(\/\\smce_tsrc=\/gi," src=");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(\/\\smce_thref=\/gi," href=");}return false;});}}return h;},_setHTML:function(doc,html_content){html_content=tinyMCE.cleanupHTMLCode(html_content);try{tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,html_content);}catch(e){if(this.isMSIE)doc.body.createTextRange().pasteHTML(html_content);}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['fix_content_duplication']){var paras=doc.getElementsByTagName("P");for(var i=0;i<paras.length;i++){var node=paras[i];while((node=node.parentNode)!=null){if(node.nodeName=="P")node.outerHTML=node.innerHTML;}}var html=doc.body.innerHTML;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,html);}tinyMCE.cleanupAnchors(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);},getEditorId:function(form_element){var inst=this.getInstanceById(form_element);if(!inst)return null;return inst.editorId;},getInstanceById:function(editor_id){var inst=this.instances[editor_id];if(!inst){for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){var instance=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;if(instance.formTargetElementId==editor_id){inst=instance;break;}}}return inst;},queryInstanceCommandValue:function(editor_id,command){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst)return inst.queryCommandValue(command);return false;},queryInstanceCommandState:function(editor_id,command){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst)return inst.queryCommandState(command);return null;},setWindowArg:function(n,v){this.windowArgs[n]=v;},getWindowArg:function(n,d){return(typeof(this.windowArgs[n])=="undefined")?d:this.windowArgs[n];},getCSSClasses:function(editor_id,doc){var output=new Array();if(typeof(tinyMCE.cssClasses)!="undefined")return tinyMCE.cssClasses;if(typeof(editor_id)=="undefined"&&typeof(doc)=="undefined"){var instance;for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){instance=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;break;}doc=instance.getDoc();}if(typeof(doc)=="undefined"){var instance=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);doc=instance.getDoc();}if(doc){var styles=doc.styleSheets;if(styles&&styles.length>0){for(var x=0;x<styles.length;x++){var csses=null;eval("try {var csses = tinyMCE.isMSIE ? doc.styleSheets("+x+").rules : styles["+x+"].cssRules;} catch(e) {}");if(!csses)return new Array();for(var i=0;i<csses.length;i++){var selectorText=csses[i].selectorText;if(selectorText){var rules=selectorText.split(',');for(var c=0;c<rules.length;c++){var rule=rules[c];while(rule.indexOf(' ')==0)rule=rule.substring(1);if(rule.indexOf(' ')!=-1||rule.indexOf(':')!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceItem')!=-1)continue;if(rule.indexOf(tinyMCE.settings['visual_table_class'])!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceEditable')!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceNonEditable')!=-1)continue;if(rule.indexOf('.')!=-1){var cssClass=rule.substring(rule.indexOf('.')+1);var addClass=true;for(var p=0;p<output.length&&addClass;p++){if(output[p]==cssClass)addClass=false;}if(addClass)output[output.length]=cssClass;}}}}}}}if(output.length>0)tinyMCE.cssClasses=output;return output;},regexpReplace:function(in_str,reg_exp,replace_str,opts){if(in_str==null)return in_str;if(typeof(opts)=="undefined")opts='g';var re=new RegExp(reg_exp,opts);return in_str.replace(re,replace_str);},trim:function(s){return s.replace(\/^\\s*|\\s*$\/g,"");},cleanupEventStr:function(s){s=""+s;s=s.replace('function anonymous()\\n{\\n','');s=s.replace('\\n}','');s=s.replace(\/^return true;\/gi,'');return s;},getControlHTML:function(c){var i,l,n,o,v;l=tinyMCE.plugins;for(n in l){o=l[n];if(o.getControlHTML&&(v=o.getControlHTML(c))!='')return tinyMCE.replaceVar(v,"pluginurl",o.baseURL);}o=tinyMCE.themes[tinyMCE.settings['theme']];if(o.getControlHTML&&(v=o.getControlHTML(c))!='')return v;return'';},evalFunc:function(f,idx,a){var s='(',i;for(i=idx;i<a.length;i++){s+='a['+i+']';if(i<a.length-1)s+=',';}s+=');';return eval("f"+s);},dispatchCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,0,this.dispatchCallback.arguments);},executeCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,1,this.executeCallback.arguments);},execCommandCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,2,this.execCommandCallback.arguments);},callFunc:function(ins,p,n,m,a){var l,i,on,o,s,v;s=m==2;l=tinyMCE.getParam(p,'');if(l!=''&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(typeof(l)=="function"?l:eval(l),3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;if(ins!=null){for(i=0,l=ins.plugins;i<l.length;i++){o=tinyMCE.plugins[l[i]];if(o[n]&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(o[n],3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;}}l=tinyMCE.themes;for(on in l){o=l[on];if(o[n]&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(o[n],3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;}return false;},xmlEncode:function(s){s=""+s;s=s.replace(\/&\/g,'&amp;');s=s.replace(new RegExp('"','g'),'&quot;');s=s.replace(\/\\'\/g,'&#39;');s=s.replace(\/<\/g,'&lt;');s=s.replace(\/>\/g,'&gt;');return s;},extend:function(p,np){var o={};o.parent=p;for(n in p)o[n]=p[n];for(n in np)o[n]=np[n];return o;},hideMenus:function(){var e=tinyMCE.lastSelectedMenuBtn;if(tinyMCE.lastMenu){tinyMCE.lastMenu.hide();tinyMCE.lastMenu=null;}if(e){tinyMCE.switchClass(e,tinyMCE.lastMenuBtnClass);tinyMCE.lastSelectedMenuBtn=null;}},explode:function(d,s){var ar=s.split(d),oar=new Array(),i;for(i=0;i<ar.length;i++){if(ar[i]!="")oar[oar.length]=ar[i];}return oar;}};var TinyMCE=TinyMCE_Engine;var tinyMCE=new TinyMCE_Engine();var tinyMCELang={};function TinyMCE_Control(settings){var t,i,to,fu,p,x,fn,fu,pn,s=settings;this.undoRedoLevel=true;this.isTinyMCE_Control=true;this.settings=s;this.settings['theme']=tinyMCE.getParam("theme","default");this.settings['width']=tinyMCE.getParam("width",-1);this.settings['height']=tinyMCE.getParam("height",-1);this.selection=new TinyMCE_Selection(this);this.undoRedo=new TinyMCE_UndoRedo(this);this.cleanup=new TinyMCE_Cleanup();this.shortcuts=new Array();this.hasMouseMoved=false;this.cleanup.init({valid_elements:s.valid_elements,extended_valid_elements:s.extended_valid_elements,entities:s.entities,entity_encoding:s.entity_encoding,debug:s.cleanup_debug,url_converter:'TinyMCE_Cleanup.prototype._urlConverter',indent:s.apply_source_formatting,invalid_elements:s.invalid_elements,verify_html:s.verify_html,fix_content_duplication:s.fix_content_duplication});t=this.settings['theme'];if(!tinyMCE.hasTheme(t)){fn=tinyMCE.callbacks;to={};for(i=0;i<fn.length;i++){if((fu=window['TinyMCE_'+t+"_"+fn[i]]))to[fn[i]]=fu;}tinyMCE.addTheme(t,to);}this.plugins=new Array();p=tinyMCE.getParam('plugins','',true,',');if(p.length>0){for(i=0;i<p.length;i++){pn=p[i];if(pn.charAt(0)=='-')pn=pn.substring(1);if(!tinyMCE.hasPlugin(pn)){fn=tinyMCE.callbacks;to={};for(x=0;x<fn.length;x++){if((fu=window['TinyMCE_'+pn+"_"+fn[x]]))to[fn[x]]=fu;}tinyMCE.addPlugin(pn,to);}this.plugins[this.plugins.length]=pn;}}};TinyMCE_Control.prototype={hasPlugin:function(n){var i;for(i=0;i<this.plugins.length;i++){if(this.plugins[i]==n)return true;}return false;},addPlugin:function(n,p){if(!this.hasPlugin(n)){tinyMCE.addPlugin(n,p);this.plugins[this.plugins.length]=n;}},repaint:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return;try{var s=this.selection;var b=s.getBookmark(true);this.getBody().style.display='none';this.getDoc().execCommand('selectall',false,null);this.getSel().collapseToStart();this.getBody().style.display='block';s.moveToBookmark(b);}catch(ex){}},switchSettings:function(){if(tinyMCE.configs.length>1&&tinyMCE.currentConfig!=this.settings['index']){tinyMCE.settings=this.settings;tinyMCE.currentConfig=this.settings['index'];}},getBody:function(){return this.getDoc().body;},getDoc:function(){return this.contentWindow.document;},getWin:function(){return this.contentWindow;},addShortcut:function(m,k,d,cmd,ui,va){var n=typeof(k)=="number",ie=tinyMCE.isMSIE,c,sc,i;var scl=this.shortcuts;if(!tinyMCE.getParam('custom_shortcuts'))return false;m=m.toLowerCase();k=ie&&!n?k.toUpperCase():k;c=n?null:k.charCodeAt(0);d=d&&d.indexOf('lang_')==0?tinyMCE.getLang(d):d;sc={alt:m.indexOf('alt')!=-1,ctrl:m.indexOf('ctrl')!=-1,shift:m.indexOf('shift')!=-1,charCode:c,keyCode:n?k:(ie?c:null),desc:d,cmd:cmd,ui:ui,val:va};for(i=0;i<scl.length;i++){if(sc.alt==scl[i].alt&&sc.ctrl==scl[i].ctrl&&sc.shift==scl[i].shift&&sc.charCode==scl[i].charCode&&sc.keyCode==scl[i].keyCode){return false;}}scl[scl.length]=sc;return true;},handleShortcut:function(e){var i,s=this.shortcuts,o;for(i=0;i<s.length;i++){o=s[i];if(o.alt==e.altKey&&o.ctrl==e.ctrlKey&&(o.keyCode==e.keyCode||o.charCode==e.charCode)){if(o.cmd&&(e.type=="keydown"||(e.type=="keypress"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)))tinyMCE.execCommand(o.cmd,o.ui,o.val);tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return true;}}return false;},autoResetDesignMode:function(){if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&this.isHidden()&&tinyMCE.getParam('auto_reset_designmode'))eval('try { this.getDoc().designMode = "On"; } catch(e) {}');},isHidden:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)return false;var s=this.getSel();return(!s||!s.rangeCount||s.rangeCount==0);},isDirty:function(){return this.startContent!=tinyMCE.trim(this.getBody().innerHTML)&&!tinyMCE.isNotDirty;},_mergeElements:function(scmd,pa,ch,override){if(scmd=="removeformat"){pa.className="";pa.style.cssText="";ch.className="";ch.style.cssText="";return;}var st=tinyMCE.parseStyle(tinyMCE.getAttrib(pa,"style"));var stc=tinyMCE.parseStyle(tinyMCE.getAttrib(ch,"style"));var className=tinyMCE.getAttrib(pa,"class");className+=" "+tinyMCE.getAttrib(ch,"class");if(override){for(var n in st){if(typeof(st[n])=='function')continue;stc[n]=st[n];}}else{for(var n in stc){if(typeof(stc[n])=='function')continue;st[n]=stc[n];}}tinyMCE.setAttrib(pa,"style",tinyMCE.serializeStyle(st));tinyMCE.setAttrib(pa,"class",tinyMCE.trim(className));ch.className="";ch.style.cssText="";ch.removeAttribute("class");ch.removeAttribute("style");},_setUseCSS:function(b){var d=this.getDoc();try{d.execCommand("useCSS",false,!b);}catch(ex){}try{d.execCommand("styleWithCSS",false,b);}catch(ex){}if(!tinyMCE.getParam("table_inline_editing"))try{d.execCommand('enableInlineTableEditing',false,"false");}catch(ex){}if(!tinyMCE.getParam("object_resizing"))try{d.execCommand('enableObjectResizing',false,"false");}catch(ex){}},execCommand:function(command,user_interface,value){var doc=this.getDoc();var win=this.getWin();var focusElm=this.getFocusElement();if(!new RegExp('mceStartTyping|mceEndTyping|mceBeginUndoLevel|mceEndUndoLevel|mceAddUndoLevel','gi').test(command))this.undoBookmark=null;if(this.lastSafariSelection&&!new RegExp('mceStartTyping|mceEndTyping|mceBeginUndoLevel|mceEndUndoLevel|mceAddUndoLevel','gi').test(command)){this.selection.moveToBookmark(this.lastSafariSelection);tinyMCE.selectedElement=this.lastSafariSelectedElement;}if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!this.useCSS){this._setUseCSS(false);this.useCSS=true;}this.contentDocument=doc;if(tinyMCE.execCommandCallback(this,'execcommand_callback','execCommand',this.editorId,this.getBody(),command,user_interface,value))return;if(focusElm&&focusElm.nodeName=="IMG"){var align=focusElm.getAttribute('align');var img=command=="JustifyCenter"?focusElm.cloneNode(false):focusElm;switch(command){case"JustifyLeft":if(align=='left')img.removeAttribute('align');else img.setAttribute('align','left');var div=focusElm.parentNode;if(div&&div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;case"JustifyCenter":img.removeAttribute('align');var div=tinyMCE.getParentElement(focusElm,"div");if(div&&div.style.textAlign=="center"){if(div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);}else{var div=this.getDoc().createElement("div");div.style.textAlign='center';div.appendChild(img);focusElm.parentNode.replaceChild(div,focusElm);}this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;case"JustifyRight":if(align=='right')img.removeAttribute('align');else img.setAttribute('align','right');var div=focusElm.parentNode;if(div&&div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}if(tinyMCE.settings['force_br_newlines']){var alignValue="";if(doc.selection.type!="Control"){switch(command){case"JustifyLeft":alignValue="left";break;case"JustifyCenter":alignValue="center";break;case"JustifyFull":alignValue="justify";break;case"JustifyRight":alignValue="right";break;}if(alignValue!=""){var rng=doc.selection.createRange();if((divElm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.parentElement(),"div"))!=null)divElm.setAttribute("align",alignValue);else if(rng.pasteHTML&&rng.htmlText.length>0)rng.pasteHTML('<div align="'+alignValue+'">'+rng.htmlText+"<\/div>");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}}switch(command){case"mceRepaint":this.repaint();return true;case"InsertUnorderedList":case"InsertOrderedList":var tag=(command=="InsertUnorderedList")?"ul":"ol";if(tinyMCE.isSafari)this.execCommand("mceInsertContent",false,"<"+tag+"><li>&nbsp;<\/li><"+tag+">");else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"Strikethrough":if(tinyMCE.isSafari)this.execCommand("mceInsertContent",false,"<strike>"+this.selection.getSelectedHTML()+"<\/strike>");else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSelectNode":this.selection.selectNode(value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();tinyMCE.selectedNode=value;break;case"FormatBlock":if(value==null||value==""){var elm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"p,div,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address,blockquote,dt,dl,dd,samp");if(elm)this.execCommand("mceRemoveNode",false,elm);}else{if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&new RegExp('<(div|blockquote|code|dt|dd|dl|samp)>','gi').test(value))value=value.replace(\/[^a-z]\/gi,'');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&new RegExp('blockquote|code|samp','gi').test(value)){var b=this.selection.getBookmark();this.getDoc().execCommand("FormatBlock",false,'<p>');tinyMCE.renameElement(tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(this.getFocusElement()),value);this.selection.moveToBookmark(b);}else this.getDoc().execCommand("FormatBlock",false,value);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceRemoveNode":if(!value)value=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement());if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){value.outerHTML=value.innerHTML;}else{var rng=value.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(value);rng.setEndAfter(value);rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(rng.createContextualFragment(value.innerHTML));}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSelectNodeDepth":var parentNode=this.getFocusElement();for(var i=0;parentNode;i++){if(parentNode.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="body")break;if(parentNode.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="#text"){i--;parentNode=parentNode.parentNode;continue;}if(i==value){this.selection.selectNode(parentNode,false);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();tinyMCE.selectedNode=parentNode;return;}parentNode=parentNode.parentNode;}break;case"SetStyleInfo":var rng=this.getRng();var sel=this.getSel();var scmd=value['command'];var sname=value['name'];var svalue=value['value']==null?'':value['value'];var wrapper=value['wrapper']?value['wrapper']:"span";var parentElm=null;var invalidRe=new RegExp("^BODY|HTML$","g");var invalidParentsRe=tinyMCE.settings['merge_styles_invalid_parents']!=''?new RegExp(tinyMCE.settings['merge_styles_invalid_parents'],"gi"):null;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(rng.item)parentElm=rng.item(0);else{var pelm=rng.parentElement();var prng=doc.selection.createRange();prng.moveToElementText(pelm);if(rng.htmlText==prng.htmlText||rng.boundingWidth==0){if(invalidParentsRe==null||!invalidParentsRe.test(pelm.nodeName))parentElm=pelm;}}}else{var felm=this.getFocusElement();if(sel.isCollapsed||(new RegExp('td|tr|tbody|table','gi').test(felm.nodeName)&&sel.anchorNode==felm.parentNode))parentElm=felm;}if(parentElm&&!invalidRe.test(parentElm.nodeName)){if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(parentElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(parentElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="removeformat"){parentElm.style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(parentElm,'class','');}var ch=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(parentElm,new Array(),1);for(var z=0;z<ch.length;z++){if(ch[z]==parentElm)continue;if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="removeformat"){ch[z].style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],'class','');}}}else{this._setUseCSS(false);doc.execCommand("FontName",false,"#mce_temp_font#");var elementArray=tinyMCE.getElementsByAttributeValue(this.getBody(),"font","face","#mce_temp_font#");for(var x=0;x<elementArray.length;x++){elm=elementArray[x];if(elm){var spanElm=doc.createElement(wrapper);if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(spanElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(spanElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="removeformat"){spanElm.style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(spanElm,'class','');}if(elm.hasChildNodes()){for(var i=0;i<elm.childNodes.length;i++)spanElm.appendChild(elm.childNodes[i].cloneNode(true));}spanElm.setAttribute("mce_new","true");elm.parentNode.replaceChild(spanElm,elm);var ch=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(spanElm,new Array(),1);for(var z=0;z<ch.length;z++){if(ch[z]==spanElm)continue;if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="removeformat"){ch[z].style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],'class','');}}}}}var nodes=doc.getElementsByTagName(wrapper);for(var i=nodes.length-1;i>=0;i--){var elm=nodes[i];var isNew=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"mce_new")=="true";elm.removeAttribute("mce_new");if(elm.childNodes&&elm.childNodes.length==1&&elm.childNodes[0].nodeType==1){this._mergeElements(scmd,elm,elm.childNodes[0],isNew);continue;}if(elm.parentNode.childNodes.length==1&&!invalidRe.test(elm.nodeName)&&!invalidRe.test(elm.parentNode.nodeName)){if(invalidParentsRe==null||!invalidParentsRe.test(elm.parentNode.nodeName))this._mergeElements(scmd,elm.parentNode,elm,false);}}var nodes=doc.getElementsByTagName(wrapper);for(var i=nodes.length-1;i>=0;i--){var elm=nodes[i];var isEmpty=true;var tmp=doc.createElement("body");tmp.appendChild(elm.cloneNode(false));tmp.innerHTML=tmp.innerHTML.replace(new RegExp('style=""|class=""','gi'),'');if(new RegExp('<span>','gi').test(tmp.innerHTML)){for(var x=0;x<elm.childNodes.length;x++){if(elm.parentNode!=null)elm.parentNode.insertBefore(elm.childNodes[x].cloneNode(true),elm);}elm.parentNode.removeChild(elm);}}if(scmd=="removeformat")tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"FontName":if(value==null){var s=this.getSel();if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&s.isCollapsed){var f=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"font");if(f!=null)this.selection.selectNode(f,false);}this.getDoc().execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);if(f!=null&&tinyMCE.isGecko){var r=this.getRng().cloneRange();r.collapse(true);s.removeAllRanges();s.addRange(r);}}else this.getDoc().execCommand('FontName',false,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);return;case"FontSize":this.getDoc().execCommand('FontSize',false,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);return;case"forecolor":this.getDoc().execCommand('forecolor',false,value);break;case"HiliteColor":if(tinyMCE.isGecko){this._setUseCSS(true);this.getDoc().execCommand('hilitecolor',false,value);this._setUseCSS(false);}else this.getDoc().execCommand('BackColor',false,value);break;case"Cut":case"Copy":case"Paste":var cmdFailed=false;eval('try {this.getDoc().execCommand(command, user_interface, value);} catch (e) {cmdFailed = true;}');if(tinyMCE.isOpera&&cmdFailed)alert('Currently not supported by your browser, use keyboard shortcuts instead.');if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&cmdFailed){if(confirm(tinyMCE.entityDecode(tinyMCE.getLang('lang_clipboard_msg'))))window.open('http:\/\/www.mozilla.org\/editor\/midasdemo\/securityprefs.html','mceExternal');return;}else tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSetContent":if(!value)value="";value=tinyMCE.storeAwayURLs(value);value=tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"insert_to_editor",value);tinyMCE._setHTML(doc,value);tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,doc,tinyMCE.settings,doc.body));tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(doc.body);tinyMCE._removeInternal(this.getBody());if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(doc.body,true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(doc.body,false);return true;case"mceCleanup":var b=this.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE._setHTML(this.contentDocument,this.getBody().innerHTML);tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(this.getBody(),tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,this.contentDocument,this.settings,this.getBody(),this.visualAid));tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(doc.body);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(this.getBody(),false);this.repaint();this.selection.moveToBookmark(b);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceReplaceContent":if(!value)value='';this.getWin().focus();var selectedText="";if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){var rng=doc.selection.createRange();selectedText=rng.text;}else selectedText=this.getSel().toString();if(selectedText.length>0){value=tinyMCE.replaceVar(value,"selection",selectedText);tinyMCE.execCommand('mceInsertContent',false,value);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSetAttribute":if(typeof(value)=='object'){var targetElms=(typeof(value['targets'])=="undefined")?"p,img,span,div,td,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address":value['targets'];var targetNode=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),targetElms);if(targetNode){targetNode.setAttribute(value['name'],value['value']);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}}break;case"mceSetCSSClass":this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"setattrib",name:"class",value:value});break;case"mceInsertRawHTML":var key='tiny_mce_marker';this.execCommand('mceBeginUndoLevel');this.execCommand('mceInsertContent',false,key);var scrollX=this.getDoc().body.scrollLeft+this.getDoc().documentElement.scrollLeft;var scrollY=this.getDoc().body.scrollTop+this.getDoc().documentElement.scrollTop;var html=this.getBody().innerHTML;if((pos=html.indexOf(key))!=-1)tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(this.getBody(),html.substring(0,pos)+value+html.substring(pos+key.length));this.contentWindow.scrollTo(scrollX,scrollY);this.execCommand('mceEndUndoLevel');break;case"mceInsertContent":if(!value)value='';var insertHTMLFailed=false;this.getWin().focus();if(tinyMCE.isGecko||tinyMCE.isOpera){try{if(value.indexOf('<')==-1&&!value.match(\/(&#38;|&#160;|&#60;|&#62;)\/g)){var r=this.getRng();var n=this.getDoc().createTextNode(tinyMCE.entityDecode(value));var s=this.getSel();var r2=r.cloneRange();s.removeAllRanges();r.deleteContents();r.insertNode(n);r2.selectNode(n);r2.collapse(false);s.removeAllRanges();s.addRange(r2);}else{value=tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(1,this.getDoc(),value);this.getDoc().execCommand('inserthtml',false,value);tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,this.getDoc(),value);}}catch(ex){insertHTMLFailed=true;}if(!insertHTMLFailed){tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}if(tinyMCE.isOpera&&insertHTMLFailed){this.getDoc().execCommand("insertimage",false,tinyMCE.uniqueURL);var ar=tinyMCE.getElementsByAttributeValue(this.getBody(),"img","src",tinyMCE.uniqueURL);ar[0].outerHTML=value;return;}if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){var isHTML=value.indexOf('<')!=-1;var sel=this.getSel();var rng=this.getRng();if(isHTML){if(tinyMCE.isSafari){var tmpRng=this.getDoc().createRange();tmpRng.setStart(this.getBody(),0);tmpRng.setEnd(this.getBody(),0);value=tmpRng.createContextualFragment(value);}else value=rng.createContextualFragment(value);}else{var el=document.createElement("div");el.innerHTML=value;value=el.firstChild.nodeValue;value=doc.createTextNode(value);}if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&!isHTML){this.execCommand('InsertText',false,value.nodeValue);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return true;}else if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&isHTML){rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return true;}rng.deleteContents();if(rng.startContainer.nodeType==3){var node=rng.startContainer.splitText(rng.startOffset);node.parentNode.insertBefore(value,node);}else rng.insertNode(value);if(!isHTML){sel.selectAllChildren(doc.body);sel.removeAllRanges();var rng=doc.createRange();rng.selectNode(value);rng.collapse(false);sel.addRange(rng);}else rng.collapse(false);tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,this.getDoc(),value);}else{var rng=doc.selection.createRange();var c=value.indexOf('<!--')!=-1;if(c)value=tinyMCE.uniqueTag+value;if(rng.item)rng.item(0).outerHTML=value;else rng.pasteHTML(value);if(c){var e=this.getDoc().getElementById('mceTMPElement');e.parentNode.removeChild(e);}}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceStartTyping":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex==-1){this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex=this.undoRedo.undoIndex;this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');}break;case"mceEndTyping":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex!=-1){this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex=-1;}break;case"mceBeginUndoLevel":this.undoRedoLevel=false;break;case"mceEndUndoLevel":this.undoRedoLevel=true;this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');break;case"mceAddUndoLevel":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedoLevel){if(this.undoRedo.add())tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}break;case"Undo":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");this.undoRedo.undo();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);break;case"Redo":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");this.undoRedo.redo();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);break;case"mceToggleVisualAid":this.visualAid=!this.visualAid;tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"Indent":this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){var n=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"blockquote");do{if(n&&n.nodeName=="BLOCKQUOTE"){n.removeAttribute("dir");n.removeAttribute("style");}}while(n!=null&&(n=n.parentNode)!=null);}break;case"removeformat":var text=this.selection.getSelectedText();if(tinyMCE.isOpera){this.getDoc().execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);return;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){try{var rng=doc.selection.createRange();rng.execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);}catch(e){}this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"removeformat"});}else{this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"removeformat"});}if(text.length==0)this.execCommand("mceSetCSSClass",false,"");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;default:this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);else tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}if(command!="mceAddUndoLevel"&&command!="Undo"&&command!="Redo"&&command!="mceStartTyping"&&command!="mceEndTyping")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");},queryCommandValue:function(c){try{return this.getDoc().queryCommandValue(c);}catch(e){return null;}},queryCommandState:function(c){return this.getDoc().queryCommandState(c);},_onAdd:function(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document){var hc,th,to,editorTemplate;th=this.settings['theme'];to=tinyMCE.themes[th];var targetDoc=target_document?target_document:document;this.targetDoc=targetDoc;tinyMCE.themeURL=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+this.settings['theme'];this.settings['themeurl']=tinyMCE.themeURL;if(!replace_element){alert("Error: Could not find the target element.");return false;}if(to.getEditorTemplate)editorTemplate=to.getEditorTemplate(this.settings,this.editorId);var deltaWidth=editorTemplate['delta_width']?editorTemplate['delta_width']:0;var deltaHeight=editorTemplate['delta_height']?editorTemplate['delta_height']:0;var html='<span id="'+this.editorId+'_parent" class="mceEditorContainer">'+editorTemplate['html'];html=tinyMCE.replaceVar(html,"editor_id",this.editorId);this.settings['default_document']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";this.settings['old_width']=this.settings['width'];this.settings['old_height']=this.settings['height'];if(this.settings['width']==-1)this.settings['width']=replace_element.offsetWidth;if(this.settings['height']==-1)this.settings['height']=replace_element.offsetHeight;if(this.settings['width']==0)this.settings['width']=replace_element.style.width;if(this.settings['height']==0)this.settings['height']=replace_element.style.height;if(this.settings['width']==0)this.settings['width']=320;if(this.settings['height']==0)this.settings['height']=240;this.settings['area_width']=parseInt(this.settings['width']);this.settings['area_height']=parseInt(this.settings['height']);this.settings['area_width']+=deltaWidth;this.settings['area_height']+=deltaHeight;if((""+this.settings['width']).indexOf('%')!=-1)this.settings['area_width']="100%";if((""+this.settings['height']).indexOf('%')!=-1)this.settings['area_height']="100%";if((""+replace_element.style.width).indexOf('%')!=-1){this.settings['width']=replace_element.style.width;this.settings['area_width']="100%";}if((""+replace_element.style.height).indexOf('%')!=-1){this.settings['height']=replace_element.style.height;this.settings['area_height']="100%";}html=tinyMCE.applyTemplate(html);this.settings['width']=this.settings['old_width'];this.settings['height']=this.settings['old_height'];this.visualAid=this.settings['visual'];this.formTargetElementId=form_element_name;if(replace_element.nodeName=="TEXTAREA"||replace_element.nodeName=="INPUT")this.startContent=replace_element.value;else this.startContent=replace_element.innerHTML;if(replace_element.nodeName!="TEXTAREA"&&replace_element.nodeName!="INPUT"){this.oldTargetElement=replace_element;if(tinyMCE.settings['debug']){hc='<textarea wrap="off" id="'+form_element_name+'" name="'+form_element_name+'" cols="100" rows="15"><\/textarea>';}else{hc='<input type="hidden" id="'+form_element_name+'" name="'+form_element_name+'" \/>';this.oldTargetElement.style.display="none";}html+='<\/span>';if(tinyMCE.isGecko)html=hc+html;else html+=hc;if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var rng=replace_element.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(replace_element);var fragment=rng.createContextualFragment(html);tinyMCE.insertAfter(fragment,replace_element);}else replace_element.insertAdjacentHTML("beforeBegin",html);}else{html+='<\/span>';this.oldTargetElement=replace_element;if(!tinyMCE.settings['debug'])this.oldTargetElement.style.display="none";if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var rng=replace_element.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(replace_element);var fragment=rng.createContextualFragment(html);tinyMCE.insertAfter(fragment,replace_element);}else replace_element.insertAdjacentHTML("beforeBegin",html);}var dynamicIFrame=false;var tElm=targetDoc.getElementById(this.editorId);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(tElm&&(tElm.nodeName=="SPAN"||tElm.nodeName=="span")){tElm=tinyMCE._createIFrame(tElm,targetDoc);dynamicIFrame=true;}this.targetElement=tElm;this.iframeElement=tElm;this.contentDocument=tElm.contentDocument;this.contentWindow=tElm.contentWindow;}else{if(tElm&&tElm.nodeName=="SPAN")tElm=tinyMCE._createIFrame(tElm,targetDoc,targetDoc.parentWindow);else tElm=targetDoc.frames[this.editorId];this.targetElement=tElm;this.iframeElement=targetDoc.getElementById(this.editorId);if(tinyMCE.isOpera){this.contentDocument=this.iframeElement.contentDocument;this.contentWindow=this.iframeElement.contentWindow;dynamicIFrame=true;}else{this.contentDocument=tElm.window.document;this.contentWindow=tElm.window;}this.getDoc().designMode="on";}var doc=this.contentDocument;if(dynamicIFrame){var html=tinyMCE.getParam('doctype')+'<html><head xmlns="http:\/\/www.w3.org\/1999\/xhtml"><base href="'+tinyMCE.settings['base_href']+'" \/><title>blank_page<\/title><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text\/html; charset=UTF-8"><\/head><body class="mceContentBody"><\/body><\/html>';try{if(!this.isHidden())this.getDoc().designMode="on";doc.open();doc.write(html);doc.close();}catch(e){this.getDoc().location.href=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.addEventHandlers(tinyMCE.instances[\\""+this.editorId+"\\"]);",1);tinyMCE.setupContent(this.editorId,true);return true;},setBaseHREF:function(u){var h,b,d,nl;d=this.getDoc();nl=d.getElementsByTagName("base");b=nl.length>0?nl[0]:null;if(!b){nl=d.getElementsByTagName("head");h=nl.length>0?nl[0]:null;b=d.createElement("base");b.setAttribute('href',u);h.appendChild(b);}else{if(u==""||u==null)b.parentNode.removeChild(b);else b.setAttribute('href',u);}},getFocusElement:function(){return this.selection.getFocusElement();},getSel:function(){return this.selection.getSel();},getRng:function(){return this.selection.getRng();},triggerSave:function(skip_cleanup,skip_callback){var e,nl=new Array(),i,s;this.switchSettings();s=tinyMCE.settings;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){e=this.iframeElement;do{if(e.style&&e.style.display=='none'){e.style.display='block';nl[nl.length]={elm:e,type:'style'};}if(e.style&&s.hidden_tab_class.length>0&&e.className.indexOf(s.hidden_tab_class)!=-1){e.className=s.display_tab_class;nl[nl.length]={elm:e,type:'class'};}}while((e=e.parentNode)!=null)}tinyMCE.settings['preformatted']=false;if(typeof(skip_cleanup)=="undefined")skip_cleanup=false;if(typeof(skip_callback)=="undefined")skip_callback=false;tinyMCE._setHTML(this.getDoc(),this.getBody().innerHTML);if(this.settings['cleanup']==false){tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,false,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(this.getBody(),true);}tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"submit_content_dom",this.contentWindow.document.body);var htm=skip_cleanup?this.getBody().innerHTML:tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,this.getDoc(),this.settings,this.getBody(),tinyMCE.visualAid,true,true);htm=tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"submit_content",htm);if(!skip_callback&&tinyMCE.settings['save_callback']!="")var content=eval(tinyMCE.settings['save_callback']+"(this.formTargetElementId,htm,this.getBody());");if((typeof(content)!="undefined")&&content!=null)htm=content;htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#40;","(","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#41;",")","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#59;",";","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#34;","&quot;","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#94;","^","gi");if(this.formElement)this.formElement.value=htm;if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&this.formElement)this.formElement.innerText=htm;for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(nl[i].type=='style')nl[i].elm.style.display='none';else nl[i].elm.className=s.hidden_tab_class;}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cleanupHTMLCode=function(s){s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p \\\\\/>','gi'),'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p>\\\\s*<\\\\\/p>','gi'),'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<br>\\\\s*<\\\\\/br>','gi'),'<br \/>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<(h[1-6]|p|div|address|pre|form|table|li|ol|ul|td|b|font|em|strong|i|strike|u|span|a|ul|ol|li|blockquote)([a-z]*)([^\\\\\\\\|>]*)\\\\\/>','gi'),'<$1$2$3><\/$1$2>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\s+><\/','gi'),'><\/');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<(img|br|hr)([^>]*)><\\\\\/(img|br|hr)>','gi'),'<$1$2 \/>');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p><hr \\\\\/><\\\\\/p>','gi'),"<hr>");if(tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls'))s=s.replace(new RegExp('(href=\\"{0,1})(\\\\s*#)','gi'),'$1'+tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']+"#");return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.parseStyle=function(str){var ar=new Array();if(str==null)return ar;var st=str.split(';');tinyMCE.clearArray(ar);for(var i=0;i<st.length;i++){if(st[i]=='')continue;var re=new RegExp('^\\\\s*([^:]*):\\\\s*(.*)\\\\s*$');var pa=st[i].replace(re,'$1||$2').split('||');if(pa.length==2)ar[pa[0].toLowerCase()]=pa[1];}return ar;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.compressStyle=function(ar,pr,sf,res){var box=new Array();box[0]=ar[pr+'-top'+sf];box[1]=ar[pr+'-left'+sf];box[2]=ar[pr+'-right'+sf];box[3]=ar[pr+'-bottom'+sf];for(var i=0;i<box.length;i++){if(box[i]==null)return;for(var a=0;a<box.length;a++){if(box[a]!=box[i])return;}}ar[res]=box[0];ar[pr+'-top'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-left'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-right'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-bottom'+sf]=null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.serializeStyle=function(ar){var str="";tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","","border");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-width","border-width");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-color","border-color");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-style","border-style");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"padding","","padding");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"margin","","margin");for(var key in ar){var val=ar[key];if(typeof(val)=='function')continue;if(key.indexOf('mso-')==0)continue;if(val!=null&&val!=''){val=''+val;val=val.replace(new RegExp("url\\\\(\\\\'?([^\\\\']*)\\\\'?\\\\)",'gi'),"url('$1')");if(val.indexOf('url(')!=-1&&tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls')){var m=new RegExp("url\\\\('(.*?)'\\\\)").exec(val);if(m.length>1)val="url('"+eval(tinyMCE.getParam('urlconverter_callback')+"(m[1], null, true);")+"')";}if(tinyMCE.getParam("force_hex_style_colors"))val=tinyMCE.convertRGBToHex(val,true);if(val!="url('')")str+=key.toLowerCase()+": "+val+"; ";}}if(new RegExp('; $').test(str))str=str.substring(0,str.length-2);return str;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertRGBToHex=function(s,k){if(s.toLowerCase().indexOf('rgb')!=-1){var re=new RegExp("(.*?)rgb\\\\s*?\\\\(\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?,\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?,\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?\\\\)(.*?)","gi");var rgb=s.replace(re,"$1,$2,$3,$4,$5").split(',');if(rgb.length==5){r=parseInt(rgb[1]).toString(16);g=parseInt(rgb[2]).toString(16);b=parseInt(rgb[3]).toString(16);r=r.length==1?'0'+r:r;g=g.length==1?'0'+g:g;b=b.length==1?'0'+b:b;s="#"+r+g+b;if(k)s=rgb[0]+s+rgb[4];}}return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertHexToRGB=function(s){if(s.indexOf('#')!=-1){s=s.replace(new RegExp('[^0-9A-F]','gi'),'');return"rgb("+parseInt(s.substring(0,2),16)+","+parseInt(s.substring(2,4),16)+","+parseInt(s.substring(4,6),16)+")";}return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertSpansToFonts=function(doc){var sizes=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_style_values').replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var h=doc.body.innerHTML;h=h.replace(\/<span\/gi,'<font');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/span\/gi,'<\/font');doc.body.innerHTML=h;var s=doc.getElementsByTagName("font");for(var i=0;i<s.length;i++){var size=tinyMCE.trim(s[i].style.fontSize).toLowerCase();var fSize=0;for(var x=0;x<sizes.length;x++){if(sizes[x]==size){fSize=x+1;break;}}if(fSize>0){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'size',fSize);s[i].style.fontSize='';}var fFace=s[i].style.fontFamily;if(fFace!=null&&fFace!=""){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'face',fFace);s[i].style.fontFamily='';}var fColor=s[i].style.color;if(fColor!=null&&fColor!=""){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'color',tinyMCE.convertRGBToHex(fColor));s[i].style.color='';}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertFontsToSpans=function(doc){var sizes=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_style_values').replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var h=doc.body.innerHTML;h=h.replace(\/<font\/gi,'<span');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/font\/gi,'<\/span');doc.body.innerHTML=h;var fsClasses=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_classes');if(fsClasses!='')fsClasses=fsClasses.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');else fsClasses=null;var s=doc.getElementsByTagName("span");for(var i=0;i<s.length;i++){var fSize,fFace,fColor;fSize=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'size');fFace=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'face');fColor=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'color');if(fSize!=""){fSize=parseInt(fSize);if(fSize>0&&fSize<8){if(fsClasses!=null)tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'class',fsClasses[fSize-1]);else s[i].style.fontSize=sizes[fSize-1];}s[i].removeAttribute('size');}if(fFace!=""){s[i].style.fontFamily=fFace;s[i].removeAttribute('face');}if(fColor!=""){s[i].style.color=fColor;s[i].removeAttribute('color');}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cleanupAnchors=function(doc){var i,cn,x,an=doc.getElementsByTagName("a");for(i=an.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(an[i],"name")!=""&&tinyMCE.getAttrib(an[i],"href")==""){cn=an[i].childNodes;for(x=cn.length-1;x>=0;x--)tinyMCE.insertAfter(cn[x],an[i]);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getContent=function(editor_id){var h;if(typeof(editor_id)!="undefined")tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){h=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this.selectedInstance,this.selectedInstance.getDoc(),tinyMCE.settings,this.selectedInstance.getBody(),false,true);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(this.selectedInstance.getDoc());return h;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._fixListElements=function(d){var nl,x,a=['ol','ul'],i,n,p,r=new RegExp('^(OL|UL)$'),np;for(x=0;x<a.length;x++){nl=d.getElementsByTagName(a[x]);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){n=nl[i];p=n.parentNode;if(r.test(p.nodeName)){np=tinyMCE.prevNode(n,'LI');if(!np){np=d.createElement('li');np.innerHTML='&nbsp;';np.appendChild(n);p.insertBefore(np,p.firstChild);}else np.appendChild(n);}}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._fixTables=function(d){var nl,i,n,p,np,x,t;nl=d.getElementsByTagName('table');for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){n=nl[i];if((p=tinyMCE.getParentElement(n,'p,div,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6'))!=null){np=p.cloneNode(false);np.removeAttribute('id');t=n;while((n=n.nextSibling))np.appendChild(n);tinyMCE.insertAfter(np,p);tinyMCE.insertAfter(t,p);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._cleanupHTML=function(inst,doc,config,elm,visual,on_save,on_submit){var h,d,t1,t2,t3,t4,t5,c,s;if(!tinyMCE.getParam('cleanup'))return elm.innerHTML;on_save=typeof(on_save)=='undefined'?false:on_save;c=inst.cleanup;s=inst.settings;d=c.settings.debug;if(d)t1=new Date().getTime();if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertFontsToSpans(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("fix_list_elements"))tinyMCE._fixListElements(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("fix_table_elements"))tinyMCE._fixTables(doc);tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,on_save?"get_from_editor_dom":"insert_to_editor_dom",doc.body);if(d)t2=new Date().getTime();c.settings.on_save=on_save;c.idCount=0;c.serializationId++;c.serializedNodes=new Array();c.sourceIndex=-1;if(s.cleanup_serializer=="xml")h=c.serializeNodeAsXML(elm);else h=c.serializeNodeAsHTML(elm);if(d)t3=new Date().getTime();h=h.replace(\/<\\\/?(body|head|html)[^>]*>\/gi,'');h=h.replace(new RegExp(' (rowspan="1"|colspan="1")','g'),'');h=h.replace(\/<p><hr \\\/><\\\/p>\/g,'<hr \/>');h=h.replace(\/<p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p><hr \\\/><p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p>\/g,'<hr \/>');h=h.replace(\/<td>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/td>\/g,'<td>&nbsp;<\/td>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*&nbsp;\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(new RegExp('<a>(.*?)<\\\\\/a>','g'),'$1');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p$1>&nbsp;<\/p>');if(\/^\\s*(<br \\\/>|<p>&nbsp;<\\\/p>|<p>&#160;<\\\/p>|<p><\\\/p>)\\s*$\/.test(h))h='';if(s.preformatted){h=h.replace(\/^<pre>\/,'');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/pre>$\/,'');h='<pre>'+h+'<\/pre>';}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){h=h.replace(\/<o:p _moz-userdefined="" \\\/>\/g,'');h=h.replace(\/<td([^>]*)>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/td>\/g,'<td$1>&nbsp;<\/td>');}if(s.force_br_newlines)h=h.replace(\/<p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p>\/g,'<br \/>');h=tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,on_save?"get_from_editor":"insert_to_editor",h);if(on_save){h=h.replace(new RegExp(' ?(mceItem[a-zA-Z0-9]*|'+s.visual_table_class+')','g'),'');h=h.replace(new RegExp(' ?class=""','g'),'');}if(s.remove_linebreaks&&!c.settings.indent)h=h.replace(\/\\n|\\r\/g,' ');if(d)t4=new Date().getTime();if(on_save&&c.settings.indent)h=c.formatHTML(h);if(on_submit&&(s.encoding=="xml"||s.encoding=="html"))h=c.xmlEncode(h);if(d)t5=new Date().getTime();if(c.settings.debug)tinyMCE.debug("Cleanup in ms: Pre="+(t2-t1)+", Serialize: "+(t3-t2)+", Post: "+(t4-t3)+", Format: "+(t5-t4)+", Sum: "+(t5-t1)+".");return h;};function TinyMCE_Cleanup(){this.isMSIE=(navigator.appName=="Microsoft Internet Explorer");this.rules=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());this.settings={indent_elements:'head,table,tbody,thead,tfoot,form,tr,ul,ol,blockquote,object',newline_before_elements:'h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address,div,ul,ol,li,meta,option,area,title,link,base,script,td',newline_after_elements:'br,hr,p,pre,address,div,ul,ol,meta,option,area,link,base,script',newline_before_after_elements:'html,head,body,table,thead,tbody,tfoot,tr,form,ul,ol,blockquote,p,object,param,hr,div',indent_char:'\\t',indent_levels:1,entity_encoding:'raw',valid_elements:'*[*]',entities:'',url_converter:'',invalid_elements:'',verify_html:false};this.vElements=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());this.vElementsRe='';this.closeElementsRe=\/^(IMG|BR|HR|LINK|META|BASE|INPUT|BUTTON|AREA)$\/;this.codeElementsRe=\/^(SCRIPT|STYLE)$\/;this.serializationId=0;this.mceAttribs={href:'mce_href',src:'mce_src',type:'mce_type'};}TinyMCE_Cleanup.prototype={init:function(s){var n,a,i,ir,or,st;for(n in s)this.settings[n]=s[n];s=this.settings;this.inRe=this._arrayToRe(s.indent_elements.split(','),'','^<(',')[^>]*');this.ouRe=this._arrayToRe(s.indent_elements.split(','),'','^<\\\\\/(',')[^>]*');this.nlBeforeRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_before_elements.split(','),'gi','<(',')([^>]*)>');this.nlAfterRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_after_elements.split(','),'gi','<(',')([^>]*)>');this.nlBeforeAfterRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_before_after_elements.split(','),'gi','<(\\\\\/?)(',')([^>]*)>');if(s.invalid_elements!='')this.iveRe=this._arrayToRe(s.invalid_elements.toUpperCase().split(','),'g','^(',')$');else this.iveRe=null;st='';for(i=0;i<s.indent_levels;i++)st+=s.indent_char;this.inStr=st;if(!s.verify_html){s.valid_elements='*[*]';s.extended_valid_elements='';}this.fillStr=s.entity_encoding=="named"?"&nbsp;":"&#160;";this.idCount=0;},addRuleStr:function(s){var r=this.parseRuleStr(s);var n;for(n in r){if(r[n])this.rules[n]=r[n];}this.vElements=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());for(n in this.rules){if(this.rules[n])this.vElements[this.vElements.length]=this.rules[n].tag;}this.vElementsRe=this._arrayToRe(this.vElements,'');},parseRuleStr:function(s){var ta,p,r,a,i,x,px,t,tn,y,av,or=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array()),dv;if(s==null||s.length==0)return or;ta=s.split(',');for(x=0;x<ta.length;x++){s=ta[x];if(s.length==0)continue;p=this.split(\/\\[|\\]\/,s);if(p==null||p.length<1)t=s.toUpperCase();else t=p[0].toUpperCase();tn=this.split('\/',t);for(y=0;y<tn.length;y++){r={};r.tag=tn[y];r.forceAttribs=null;r.defaultAttribs=null;r.validAttribValues=null;px=r.tag.charAt(0);r.forceOpen=px=='+';r.removeEmpty=px=='-';r.fill=px=='#';r.tag=r.tag.replace(\/\\+|-|#\/g,'');r.oTagName=tn[0].replace(\/\\+|-|#\/g,'').toLowerCase();r.isWild=new RegExp('\\\\*|\\\\?|\\\\+','g').test(r.tag);r.validRe=new RegExp(this._wildcardToRe('^'+r.tag+'$'));if(p.length>1){r.vAttribsRe='^(';a=this.split(\/\\|\/,p[1]);for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){t=a[i];av=new RegExp('(=|:|<)(.*?)$').exec(t);t=t.replace(new RegExp('(=|:|<).*?$'),'');if(av&&av.length>0){if(av[0].charAt(0)==':'){if(!r.forceAttribs)r.forceAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.forceAttribs[t.toLowerCase()]=av[0].substring(1);}else if(av[0].charAt(0)=='='){if(!r.defaultAttribs)r.defaultAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());dv=av[0].substring(1);r.defaultAttribs[t.toLowerCase()]=dv==""?"mce_empty":dv;}else if(av[0].charAt(0)=='<'){if(!r.validAttribValues)r.validAttribValues=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.validAttribValues[t.toLowerCase()]=this._arrayToRe(this.split('?',av[0].substring(1)),'');}}r.vAttribsRe+=''+t.toLowerCase()+(i!=a.length-1?'|':'');a[i]=t.toLowerCase();}r.vAttribsRe+=')$';r.vAttribsRe=this._wildcardToRe(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribsReIsWild=new RegExp('\\\\*|\\\\?|\\\\+','g').test(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribsRe=new RegExp(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribs=a.reverse();}else{r.vAttribsRe='';r.vAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.vAttribsReIsWild=false;}or[r.tag]=r;}}return or;},serializeNodeAsXML:function(n){var s,b;if(!this.xmlDoc){if(this.isMSIE){try{this.xmlDoc=new ActiveXObject('MSXML2.DOMDocument');}catch(e){}if(!this.xmlDoc)try{this.xmlDoc=new ActiveXObject('Microsoft.XmlDom');}catch(e){}}else this.xmlDoc=document.implementation.createDocument('','',null);if(!this.xmlDoc)alert("Error XML Parser could not be found.");}if(this.xmlDoc.firstChild)this.xmlDoc.removeChild(this.xmlDoc.firstChild);b=this.xmlDoc.createElement("html");b=this.xmlDoc.appendChild(b);this._convertToXML(n,b);if(this.isMSIE)return this.xmlDoc.xml;else return new XMLSerializer().serializeToString(this.xmlDoc);},_convertToXML:function(n,xn){var xd,el,i,l,cn,at,no,hc=false;if(this._isDuplicate(n))return;xd=this.xmlDoc;switch(n.nodeType){case 1:hc=n.hasChildNodes();el=xd.createElement(n.nodeName.toLowerCase());at=n.attributes;for(i=at.length-1;i>-1;i--){no=at[i];if(no.specified&&no.nodeValue)el.setAttribute(no.nodeName.toLowerCase(),no.nodeValue);}if(!hc&&!this.closeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))el.appendChild(xd.createTextNode(""));xn=xn.appendChild(el);break;case 3:xn.appendChild(xd.createTextNode(n.nodeValue));return;case 8:xn.appendChild(xd.createComment(n.nodeValue));return;}if(hc){cn=n.childNodes;for(i=0,l=cn.length;i<l;i++)this._convertToXML(cn[i],xn);}},serializeNodeAsHTML:function(n){var en,no,h='',i,l,r,cn,va=false,f=false,at,hc;this._setupRules();if(this._isDuplicate(n))return'';switch(n.nodeType){case 1:hc=n.hasChildNodes();if((tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)&&n.nodeName.indexOf('\/')!=-1)break;if(this.vElementsRe.test(n.nodeName)&&(!this.iveRe||!this.iveRe.test(n.nodeName))){va=true;r=this.rules[n.nodeName];if(!r){at=this.rules;for(no in at){if(at[no]&&at[no].validRe.test(n.nodeName)){r=at[no];break;}}}en=r.isWild?n.nodeName.toLowerCase():r.oTagName;f=r.fill;if(r.removeEmpty&&!hc)return"";h+='<'+en;if(r.vAttribsReIsWild){at=n.attributes;for(i=at.length-1;i>-1;i--){no=at[i];if(no.specified&&r.vAttribsRe.test(no.nodeName))h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,no.nodeName);}}else{for(i=r.vAttribs.length-1;i>-1;i--)h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,r.vAttribs[i]);}if(!this.settings.on_save){at=this.mceAttribs;for(no in at){if(at[no])h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,at[no]);}}if(this.closeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))return h+' \/>';h+='>';if(this.isMSIE&&this.codeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))h+=n.innerHTML;}break;case 3:if(n.parentNode&&this.codeElementsRe.test(n.parentNode.nodeName))return this.isMSIE?'':n.nodeValue;return this.xmlEncode(n.nodeValue);case 8:return"<!--"+this._trimComment(n.nodeValue)+"-->";}if(hc){cn=n.childNodes;for(i=0,l=cn.length;i<l;i++)h+=this.serializeNodeAsHTML(cn[i]);}if(f&&!hc)h+=this.fillStr;if(va)h+='<\/'+en+'>';return h;},_serializeAttribute:function(n,r,an){var av='',t,os=this.settings.on_save;if(os&&(an.indexOf('mce_')==0||an.indexOf('_moz')==0))return'';if(os&&this.mceAttribs[an])av=this._getAttrib(n,this.mceAttribs[an]);if(av.length==0)av=this._getAttrib(n,an);if(av.length==0&&r.defaultAttribs&&(t=r.defaultAttribs[an])){av=t;if(av=="mce_empty")return" "+an+'=""';}if(r.forceAttribs&&(t=r.forceAttribs[an]))av=t;if(os&&av.length!=0&&this.settings.url_converter.length!=0&&\/^(src|href|longdesc)$\/.test(an))av=eval(this.settings.url_converter+'(this, n, av)');if(av.length!=0&&r.validAttribValues&&r.validAttribValues[an]&&!r.validAttribValues[an].test(av))return"";if(av.length!=0&&av=="{$uid}")av="uid_"+(this.idCount++);if(av.length!=0)return" "+an+"="+'"'+this.xmlEncode(av)+'"';return"";},formatHTML:function(h){var s=this.settings,p='',i=0,li=0,o='',l;h=h.replace(\/\\r\/g,'');h='\\n'+h;h=h.replace(new RegExp('\\\\n\\\\s+','gi'),'\\n');h=h.replace(this.nlBeforeRe,'\\n<$1$2>');h=h.replace(this.nlAfterRe,'<$1$2>\\n');h=h.replace(this.nlBeforeAfterRe,'\\n<$1$2$3>\\n');h+='\\n';while((i=h.indexOf('\\n',i+1))!=-1){if((l=h.substring(li+1,i)).length!=0){if(this.ouRe.test(l)&&p.length>=s.indent_levels)p=p.substring(s.indent_levels);o+=p+l+'\\n';if(this.inRe.test(l))p+=this.inStr;}li=i;}return o;},xmlEncode:function(s){var i,l,e,o='',c;this._setupEntities();switch(this.settings.entity_encoding){case"raw":return tinyMCE.xmlEncode(s);case"named":for(i=0,l=s.length;i<l;i++){c=s.charCodeAt(i);e=this.entities[c];if(e&&e!='')o+='&'+e+';';else o+=String.fromCharCode(c);}return o;case"numeric":for(i=0,l=s.length;i<l;i++){c=s.charCodeAt(i);if(c>127||c==60||c==62||c==38||c==39||c==34)o+='&#'+c+";";else o+=String.fromCharCode(c);}return o;}return s;},split:function(re,s){var c=s.split(re);var i,l,o=new Array();for(i=0,l=c.length;i<l;i++){if(c[i]!='')o[i]=c[i];}return o;},_trimComment:function(s){s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");return s;},_getAttrib:function(e,n,d){if(typeof(d)=="undefined")d="";if(!e||e.nodeType!=1)return d;var v=e.getAttribute(n,0);if(n=="class"&&!v)v=e.className;if(this.isMSIE&&n=="http-equiv")v=e.httpEquiv;if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="FORM"&&n=="enctype"&&v=="application\/x-www-form-urlencoded")v="";if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="INPUT"&&n=="size"&&v=="20")v="";if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="INPUT"&&n=="maxlength"&&v=="2147483647")v="";if(n=="style"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)v=e.style.cssText;if(n=='style')v=tinyMCE.serializeStyle(tinyMCE.parseStyle(v));if(this.settings.on_save&&n.indexOf('on')!=-1&&this.settings.on_save&&v&&v!="")v=tinyMCE.cleanupEventStr(v);return(v&&v!="")?''+v:d;},_urlConverter:function(c,n,v){if(!c.settings.on_save)return tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings.base_href,v);else if(tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls'))return eval(tinyMCE.settings.urlconverter_callback+"(v, n, true);");return v;},_arrayToRe:function(a,op,be,af){var i,r;op=typeof(op)=="undefined"?"gi":op;be=typeof(be)=="undefined"?"^(":be;af=typeof(af)=="undefined"?")$":af;r=be;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++)r+=this._wildcardToRe(a[i])+(i!=a.length-1?"|":"");r+=af;return new RegExp(r,op);},_wildcardToRe:function(s){s=s.replace(\/\\?\/g,'(\\\\S?)');s=s.replace(\/\\+\/g,'(\\\\S+)');s=s.replace(\/\\*\/g,'(\\\\S*)');return s;},_setupEntities:function(){var n,a,i,s=this.settings;if(!this.entitiesDone){if(s.entity_encoding=="named"){n=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());a=this.split(',',s.entities);for(i=0;i<a.length;i+=2)n[a[i]]=a[i+1];this.entities=n;}this.entitiesDone=true;}},_setupRules:function(){var s=this.settings;if(!this.rulesDone){this.addRuleStr(s.valid_elements);this.addRuleStr(s.extended_valid_elements);this.rulesDone=true;}},_isDuplicate:function(n){var i;if(!this.settings.fix_content_duplication)return false;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera&&n.nodeType==1){if(n.mce_serialized==this.serializationId)return true;n.setAttribute('mce_serialized',this.serializationId);}else{for(i=0;i<this.serializedNodes.length;i++){if(this.serializedNodes[i]==n)return true;}this.serializedNodes[this.serializedNodes.length]=n;}return false;}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getElementByAttributeValue=function(n,e,a,v){return(n=this.getElementsByAttributeValue(n,e,a,v)).length==0?null:n[0];};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getElementsByAttributeValue=function(n,e,a,v){var i,nl=n.getElementsByTagName(e),o=new Array();for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(nl[i],a).indexOf(v)!=-1)o[o.length]=nl[i];}return o;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.isBlockElement=function(n){return n!=null&&n.nodeType==1&&this.blockRegExp.test(n.nodeName);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentBlockElement=function(n){while(n){if(this.isBlockElement(n))return n;n=n.parentNode;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.insertAfter=function(n,r){if(r.nextSibling)r.parentNode.insertBefore(n,r.nextSibling);else r.parentNode.appendChild(n);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setInnerHTML=function(e,h){var i,nl,n;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){h=h.replace(\/\\s\\\/>\/g,'>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\u00A0?<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s*&nbsp;\\s*<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s+<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');e.innerHTML=tinyMCE.uniqueTag+h;e.firstChild.removeNode(true);nl=e.getElementsByTagName("p");for(i=nl.length-1;i>=0;i--){n=nl[i];if(n.nodeName=='P'&&!n.hasChildNodes()&&!n.mce_keep)n.parentNode.removeChild(n);}}else{h=this.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(1,e,h);e.innerHTML=h;this.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,e,h);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getOuterHTML=function(e){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)return e.outerHTML;var d=e.ownerDocument.createElement("body");d.appendChild(e);return d.innerHTML;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setOuterHTML=function(e,h){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){e.outerHTML=h;return;}var d=e.ownerDocument.createElement("body");d.innerHTML=h;e.parentNode.replaceChild(d.firstChild,e);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._getElementById=function(id,d){var e,i,j,f;if(typeof(d)=="undefined")d=document;e=d.getElementById(id);if(!e){f=d.forms;for(i=0;i<f.length;i++){for(j=0;j<f[i].elements.length;j++){if(f[i].elements[j].name==id){e=f[i].elements[j];break;}}}}return e;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getNodeTree=function(n,na,t,nn){var i;if(typeof(t)=="undefined"||n.nodeType==t&&(typeof(nn)=="undefined"||n.nodeName==nn))na[na.length]=n;if(n.hasChildNodes()){for(i=0;i<n.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.getNodeTree(n.childNodes[i],na,t,nn);}return na;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentElement=function(node,names,attrib_name,attrib_value){if(typeof(names)=="undefined"){if(node.nodeType==1)return node;while((node=node.parentNode)!=null&&node.nodeType!=1);return node;}if(node==null)return null;var namesAr=names.toUpperCase().split(',');do{for(var i=0;i<namesAr.length;i++){if(node.nodeName==namesAr[i]||names=="*"){if(typeof(attrib_name)=="undefined")return node;else if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)){if(typeof(attrib_value)=="undefined"){if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)!="")return node;}else if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)==attrib_value)return node;}}}}while((node=node.parentNode)!=null);return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentNode=function(n,f){while(n){if(f(n))return n;n=n.parentNode;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getAttrib=function(elm,name,default_value){if(typeof(default_value)=="undefined")default_value="";if(!elm||elm.nodeType!=1)return default_value;var v=elm.getAttribute(name);if(name=="class"&&!v)v=elm.className;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&name=="src"&&elm.src!=null&&elm.src!="")v=elm.src;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&name=="href"&&elm.href!=null&&elm.href!="")v=elm.href;if(name=="http-equiv"&&tinyMCE.isMSIE)v=elm.httpEquiv;if(name=="style"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)v=elm.style.cssText;return(v&&v!="")?v:default_value;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setAttrib=function(element,name,value,fix_value){if(typeof(value)=="number"&&value!=null)value=""+value;if(fix_value){if(value==null)value="";var re=new RegExp('[^0-9%]','g');value=value.replace(re,'');}if(name=="style")element.style.cssText=value;if(name=="class")element.className=value;if(value!=null&&value!=""&&value!=-1)element.setAttribute(name,value);else element.removeAttribute(name);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setStyleAttrib=function(elm,name,value){eval('elm.style.'+name+'=value;');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&value==null||value==''){var str=tinyMCE.serializeStyle(tinyMCE.parseStyle(elm.style.cssText));elm.style.cssText=str;elm.setAttribute("style",str);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.switchClass=function(ei,c){var e;if(tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei])e=tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei];else e=tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei]=document.getElementById(ei);if(e){if(tinyMCE.settings.button_tile_map&&e.className&&e.className.indexOf('mceTiledButton')==0)c='mceTiledButton '+c;e.className=c;}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getAbsPosition=function(n){var p={absLeft:0,absTop:0};while(n){p.absLeft+=n.offsetLeft;p.absTop+=n.offsetTop;n=n.offsetParent;}return p;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.prevNode=function(e,n){var a=n.split(','),i;while((e=e.previousSibling)!=null){for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(e.nodeName==a[i])return e;}}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.nextNode=function(e,n){var a=n.split(','),i;while((e=e.nextSibling)!=null){for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(e.nodeName==a[i])return e;}}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.selectNodes=function(n,f,a){var i;if(!a)a=new Array();if(f(n))a[a.length]=n;if(n.hasChildNodes()){for(i=0;i<n.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.selectNodes(n.childNodes[i],f,a);}return a;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addCSSClass=function(e,c,b){var o=this.removeCSSClass(e,c);return e.className=b?c+(o!=''?(' '+o):''):(o!=''?(o+' '):'')+c;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.removeCSSClass=function(e,c){var a=this.explode(' ',e.className),i;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(a[i]==c)a[i]='';}return e.className=a.join(' ');};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.renameElement=function(e,n,d){var ne,i,ar;d=typeof(d)=="undefined"?tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getDoc():d;if(e){ne=d.createElement(n);ar=e.attributes;for(i=ar.length-1;i>-1;i--){if(ar[i].specified&&ar[i].nodeValue)ne.setAttribute(ar[i].nodeName.toLowerCase(),ar[i].nodeValue);}ar=e.childNodes;for(i=0;i<ar.length;i++)ne.appendChild(ar[i].cloneNode(true));e.parentNode.replaceChild(ne,e);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.parseURL=function(url_str){var urlParts=new Array();if(url_str){var pos,lastPos;pos=url_str.indexOf(':\/\/');if(pos!=-1){urlParts['protocol']=url_str.substring(0,pos);lastPos=pos+3;}for(var i=lastPos;i<url_str.length;i++){var chr=url_str.charAt(i);if(chr==':')break;if(chr=='\/')break;}pos=i;urlParts['host']=url_str.substring(lastPos,pos);urlParts['port']="";lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)==':'){pos=url_str.indexOf('\/',lastPos);urlParts['port']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}lastPos=pos;pos=url_str.indexOf('?',lastPos);if(pos==-1)pos=url_str.indexOf('#',lastPos);if(pos==-1)pos=url_str.length;urlParts['path']=url_str.substring(lastPos,pos);lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)=='?'){pos=url_str.indexOf('#');pos=(pos==-1)?url_str.length:pos;urlParts['query']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)=='#'){pos=url_str.length;urlParts['anchor']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}}return urlParts;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.serializeURL=function(up){var o="";if(up['protocol'])o+=up['protocol']+":\/\/";if(up['host'])o+=up['host'];if(up['port'])o+=":"+up['port'];if(up['path'])o+=up['path'];if(up['query'])o+="?"+up['query'];if(up['anchor'])o+="#"+up['anchor'];return o;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL=function(base_url,url_to_relative){var baseURL=this.parseURL(base_url);var targetURL=this.parseURL(url_to_relative);var strTok1;var strTok2;var breakPoint=0;var outPath="";var forceSlash=false;if(targetURL.path=="")targetURL.path="\/";else forceSlash=true;base_url=baseURL.path.substring(0,baseURL.path.lastIndexOf('\/'));strTok1=base_url.split('\/');strTok2=targetURL.path.split('\/');if(strTok1.length>=strTok2.length){for(var i=0;i<strTok1.length;i++){if(i>=strTok2.length||strTok1[i]!=strTok2[i]){breakPoint=i+1;break;}}}if(strTok1.length<strTok2.length){for(var i=0;i<strTok2.length;i++){if(i>=strTok1.length||strTok1[i]!=strTok2[i]){breakPoint=i+1;break;}}}if(breakPoint==1)return targetURL.path;for(var i=0;i<(strTok1.length-(breakPoint-1));i++)outPath+="..\/";for(var i=breakPoint-1;i<strTok2.length;i++){if(i!=(breakPoint-1))outPath+="\/"+strTok2[i];else outPath+=strTok2[i];}targetURL.protocol=null;targetURL.host=null;targetURL.port=null;targetURL.path=outPath==""&&forceSlash?"\/":outPath;var fileName=baseURL.path;var pos;if((pos=fileName.lastIndexOf('\/'))!=-1)fileName=fileName.substring(pos+1);if(fileName==targetURL.path&&targetURL.anchor!="")targetURL.path="";if(targetURL.path==""&&!targetURL.anchor)targetURL.path=fileName!=""?fileName:"\/";return this.serializeURL(targetURL);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL=function(base_url,relative_url){var baseURL=this.parseURL(base_url);var relURL=this.parseURL(relative_url);if(relative_url==""||relative_url.charAt(0)=='\/'||relative_url.indexOf(':\/\/')!=-1||relative_url.indexOf('mailto:')!=-1||relative_url.indexOf('javascript:')!=-1)return relative_url;baseURLParts=baseURL['path'].split('\/');relURLParts=relURL['path'].split('\/');var newBaseURLParts=new Array();for(var i=baseURLParts.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(baseURLParts[i].length==0)continue;newBaseURLParts[newBaseURLParts.length]=baseURLParts[i];}baseURLParts=newBaseURLParts.reverse();var newRelURLParts=new Array();var numBack=0;for(var i=relURLParts.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(relURLParts[i].length==0||relURLParts[i]==".")continue;if(relURLParts[i]=='..'){numBack++;continue;}if(numBack>0){numBack--;continue;}newRelURLParts[newRelURLParts.length]=relURLParts[i];}relURLParts=newRelURLParts.reverse();var len=baseURLParts.length-numBack;var absPath=(len<=0?"":"\/")+baseURLParts.slice(0,len).join('\/')+"\/"+relURLParts.join('\/');var start="",end="";relURL.protocol=baseURL.protocol;relURL.host=baseURL.host;relURL.port=baseURL.port;if(relURL.path.charAt(relURL.path.length-1)=="\/")absPath+="\/";relURL.path=absPath;return this.serializeURL(relURL);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertURL=function(url,node,on_save){var prot=document.location.protocol;var host=document.location.hostname;var port=document.location.port;if(prot=="file:")return url;url=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(url,'(http|https):\/\/\/','\/');if(url.indexOf('mailto:')!=-1||url.indexOf('javascript:')!=-1||tinyMCE.regexpReplace(url,'[ \\t\\r\\n\\+]|%20','').charAt(0)=="#")return url;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!on_save&&url.indexOf(":\/\/")==-1&&url.charAt(0)!='\/')return tinyMCE.settings['base_href']+url;if(on_save&&tinyMCE.getParam('relative_urls')){var curl=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],url);if(curl.charAt(0)=='\/')curl=tinyMCE.settings['document_base_prefix']+curl;var urlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(curl);var tmpUrlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']);if(urlParts['host']==tmpUrlParts['host']&&(urlParts['port']==tmpUrlParts['port']))return tinyMCE.convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL(tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url'],curl);}if(!tinyMCE.getParam('relative_urls')){var urlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(url);var baseUrlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);url=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],url);if(urlParts['anchor']&&urlParts['path']==baseUrlParts['path'])return"#"+urlParts['anchor'];}if(tinyMCE.getParam('remove_script_host')){var start="",portPart="";if(port!="")portPart=":"+port;start=prot+"\/\/"+host+portPart+"\/";if(url.indexOf(start)==0)url=url.substring(start.length-1);}return url;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertAllRelativeURLs=function(body){var elms=body.getElementsByTagName("img");for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var src=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'src');var msrc=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'mce_src');if(msrc!="")src=msrc;if(src!=""){src=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],src);elms[i].setAttribute("src",src);}}var elms=body.getElementsByTagName("a");for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var href=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'href');var mhref=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'mce_href');if(mhref!="")href=mhref;if(href&&href!=""){href=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],href);elms[i].setAttribute("href",href);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.clearArray=function(a){for(var k in a)a[k]=null;return a;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._setEventsEnabled=function(node,state){var events=new Array('onfocus','onblur','onclick','ondblclick','onmousedown','onmouseup','onmouseover','onmousemove','onmouseout','onkeypress','onkeydown','onkeydown','onkeyup');var evs=tinyMCE.settings['event_elements'].split(',');for(var y=0;y<evs.length;y++){var elms=node.getElementsByTagName(evs[y]);for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var event="";for(var x=0;x<events.length;x++){if((event=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],events[x]))!=''){event=tinyMCE.cleanupEventStr(""+event);if(!state)event="return true;"+event;else event=event.replace(\/^return true;\/gi,'');elms[i].removeAttribute(events[x]);elms[i].setAttribute(events[x],event);}}}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch=function(editor_id){var n,inst,win,e;if(typeof(tinyMCE)=="undefined")return true;try{if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){win=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getWin();if(win&&win.event){e=win.event;if(!e.target)e.target=e.srcElement;TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent(e);return;}}for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;win=inst.getWin();if(win&&win.event){e=win.event;if(!e.target)e.target=e.srcElement;TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent(e);return;}}}catch(ex){}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler=function(){tinyMCE.triggerSave(true,true);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addEventHandlers=function(inst){var doc=inst.getDoc();inst.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keypress",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keyup",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keydown",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mouseup",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mousedown",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"click",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);}else{tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keypress",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keydown",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keyup",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"click",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mouseup",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mousedown",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"focus",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"blur",tinyMCE.handleEvent);eval('try { doc.designMode = "On"; } catch(e) {}');}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onMouseMove=function(){var inst;if(!tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved){inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(inst.isFocused){inst.undoBookmark=inst.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved=true;}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cancelEvent=function(e){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){e.returnValue=false;e.cancelBubble=true;}else e.preventDefault();};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addEvent=function(o,n,h){if(o.attachEvent)o.attachEvent("on"+n,h);else o.addEventListener(n,h,false);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addSelectAccessibility=function(e,s,w){if(!s._isAccessible){s.onkeydown=tinyMCE.accessibleEventHandler;s.onblur=tinyMCE.accessibleEventHandler;s._isAccessible=true;s._win=w;}return false;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.accessibleEventHandler=function(e){var win=this._win;e=tinyMCE.isMSIE?win.event:e;var elm=tinyMCE.isMSIE?e.srcElement:e.target;if(e.type=="blur"){if(elm.oldonchange){elm.onchange=elm.oldonchange;elm.oldonchange=null;}return true;}if(elm.nodeName=="SELECT"&&!elm.oldonchange){elm.oldonchange=elm.onchange;elm.onchange=null;}if(e.keyCode==13||e.keyCode==32){elm.onchange=elm.oldonchange;elm.onchange();elm.oldonchange=null;tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}return true;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._resetIframeHeight=function(){var ife;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){ife=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.iframeElement;if(ife._oldHeight){ife.style.height=ife._oldHeight;ife.height=ife._oldHeight;}}};function TinyMCE_Selection(inst){this.instance=inst;};TinyMCE_Selection.prototype={getSelectedHTML:function(){var inst=this.instance;var e,r=this.getRng(),h;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){return r.toString();}e=document.createElement("body");if(tinyMCE.isGecko)e.appendChild(r.cloneContents());else e.innerHTML=r.item?r.item(0).outerHTML:r.htmlText;h=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,inst.contentDocument,inst.settings,e,e,false,true,false);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(inst.getDoc());return h;},getSelectedText:function(){var inst=this.instance;var d,r,s,t;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){d=inst.getDoc();if(d.selection.type=="Text"){r=d.selection.createRange();t=r.text;}else t='';}else{s=this.getSel();if(s&&s.toString)t=s.toString();else t='';}return t;},getBookmark:function(simple){var rng=this.getRng();var doc=this.instance.getDoc();var sp,le,s,e,nl,i,si,ei;var trng,sx,sy,xx=-999999999;if(tinyMCE.isOpera)return null;sx=doc.body.scrollLeft+doc.documentElement.scrollLeft;sy=doc.body.scrollTop+doc.documentElement.scrollTop;if(tinyMCE.isSafari||tinyMCE.isGecko)return{rng:rng,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(simple)return{rng:rng};if(rng.item){e=rng.item(0);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(e.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(e==nl[i]){sp=i;break;}}return{tag:e.nodeName,index:sp,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}else{trng=rng.duplicate();trng.collapse(true);sp=Math.abs(trng.move('character',xx));trng=rng.duplicate();trng.collapse(false);le=Math.abs(trng.move('character',xx))-sp;return{start:sp,length:le,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){s=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.startContainer);for(si=0;si<s.childNodes.length&&s.childNodes[si]!=rng.startContainer;si++);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(s.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(s==nl[i]){sp=i;break;}}e=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.endContainer);for(ei=0;ei<e.childNodes.length&&e.childNodes[ei]!=rng.endContainer;ei++);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(e.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(e==nl[i]){le=i;break;}}return{startTag:s.nodeName,start:sp,startIndex:si,endTag:e.nodeName,end:le,endIndex:ei,startOffset:rng.startOffset,endOffset:rng.endOffset,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}return null;},moveToBookmark:function(bookmark){var rng,nl,i;var inst=this.instance;var doc=inst.getDoc();var win=inst.getWin();var sel=this.getSel();if(!bookmark)return false;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){sel.setBaseAndExtent(bookmark.startContainer,bookmark.startOffset,bookmark.endContainer,bookmark.endOffset);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(bookmark.rng){bookmark.rng.select();return true;}win.focus();if(bookmark.tag){rng=inst.getBody().createControlRange();nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.tag);if(nl.length>bookmark.index){try{rng.addElement(nl[bookmark.index]);}catch(ex){}}}else{rng=inst.getSel().createRange();rng.moveToElementText(inst.getBody());rng.collapse(true);rng.moveStart('character',bookmark.start);rng.moveEnd('character',bookmark.length);}rng.select();win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&bookmark.rng){sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(bookmark.rng);win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){rng=doc.createRange();nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.startTag);if(nl.length>bookmark.start)rng.setStart(nl[bookmark.start].childNodes[bookmark.startIndex],bookmark.startOffset);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.endTag);if(nl.length>bookmark.end)rng.setEnd(nl[bookmark.end].childNodes[bookmark.endIndex],bookmark.endOffset);sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(rng);win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}return false;},selectNode:function(node,collapse,select_text_node,to_start){var inst=this.instance,sel,rng,nodes;if(!node)return;if(typeof(collapse)=="undefined")collapse=true;if(typeof(select_text_node)=="undefined")select_text_node=false;if(typeof(to_start)=="undefined")to_start=true;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){rng=inst.getBody().createTextRange();try{rng.moveToElementText(node);if(collapse)rng.collapse(to_start);rng.select();}catch(e){}}else{sel=this.getSel();if(!sel)return;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){sel.setBaseAndExtent(node,0,node,node.innerText.length);if(collapse){if(to_start)sel.collapseToStart();else sel.collapseToEnd();}this.scrollToNode(node);return;}rng=inst.getDoc().createRange();if(select_text_node){nodes=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(node,new Array(),3);if(nodes.length>0)rng.selectNodeContents(nodes[0]);else rng.selectNodeContents(node);}else rng.selectNode(node);if(collapse){if(!to_start&&node.nodeType==3){rng.setStart(node,node.nodeValue.length);rng.setEnd(node,node.nodeValue.length);}else rng.collapse(to_start);}sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(rng);}this.scrollToNode(node);tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;if(node.nodeType==1)tinyMCE.selectedElement=node;},scrollToNode:function(node){var inst=this.instance;var pos,doc,scrollX,scrollY,height;pos=tinyMCE.getAbsPosition(node);doc=inst.getDoc();scrollX=doc.body.scrollLeft+doc.documentElement.scrollLeft;scrollY=doc.body.scrollTop+doc.documentElement.scrollTop;height=tinyMCE.isMSIE?document.getElementById(inst.editorId).style.pixelHeight:inst.targetElement.clientHeight;if(!tinyMCE.settings['auto_resize']&&!(pos.absTop>scrollY&&pos.absTop<(scrollY-25+height)))inst.contentWindow.scrollTo(pos.absLeft,pos.absTop-height+25);},getSel:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return inst.getDoc().selection;return inst.contentWindow.getSelection();},getRng:function(){var inst=this.instance;var sel=this.getSel();if(sel==null)return null;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return sel.createRange();if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&!sel.getRangeAt)return''+window.getSelection();return sel.getRangeAt(0);},getFocusElement:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){var doc=inst.getDoc();var rng=doc.selection.createRange();var elm=rng.item?rng.item(0):rng.parentElement();}else{if(inst.isHidden())return inst.getBody();var sel=this.getSel();var rng=this.getRng();if(!sel||!rng)return null;var elm=rng.commonAncestorContainer;if(!rng.collapsed){if(rng.startContainer==rng.endContainer){if(rng.startOffset-rng.endOffset<2){if(rng.startContainer.hasChildNodes())elm=rng.startContainer.childNodes[rng.startOffset];}}}elm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm);}return elm;}};function TinyMCE_UndoRedo(inst){this.instance=inst;this.undoLevels=new Array();this.undoIndex=0;this.typingUndoIndex=-1;this.undoRedo=true;};TinyMCE_UndoRedo.prototype={add:function(l){var b;if(l){this.undoLevels[this.undoLevels.length]=l;return true;}var inst=this.instance;if(this.typingUndoIndex!=-1){this.undoIndex=this.typingUndoIndex;}var newHTML=tinyMCE.trim(inst.getBody().innerHTML);if(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex]&&newHTML!=this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content){tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'onchange_callback','onChange',inst);var customUndoLevels=tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo_levels'];if(customUndoLevels!=-1&&this.undoLevels.length>customUndoLevels){for(var i=0;i<this.undoLevels.length-1;i++){this.undoLevels[i]=this.undoLevels[i+1];}this.undoLevels.length--;this.undoIndex--;}b=inst.undoBookmark;if(!b)b=inst.selection.getBookmark();this.undoIndex++;this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex]={content:newHTML,bookmark:b};this.undoLevels.length=this.undoIndex+1;return true;}return false;},undo:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(this.undoIndex>0){this.undoIndex--;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content);inst.repaint();if(inst.settings.custom_undo_redo_restore_selection)inst.selection.moveToBookmark(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].bookmark);}},redo:function(){var inst=this.instance;tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(this.undoIndex<(this.undoLevels.length-1)){this.undoIndex++;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content);inst.repaint();if(inst.settings.custom_undo_redo_restore_selection)inst.selection.moveToBookmark(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].bookmark);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}};var TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs={_insertPara:function(inst,e){function isEmpty(para){function isEmptyHTML(html){return html.replace(new RegExp('[ \\t\\r\\n]+','g'),'').toLowerCase()=="";}if(para.getElementsByTagName("img").length>0)return false;if(para.getElementsByTagName("table").length>0)return false;if(para.getElementsByTagName("hr").length>0)return false;var nodes=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(para,new Array(),3);for(var i=0;i<nodes.length;i++){if(!isEmptyHTML(nodes[i].nodeValue))return false;}return true;}var doc=inst.getDoc();var sel=inst.getSel();var win=inst.contentWindow;var rng=sel.getRangeAt(0);var body=doc.body;var rootElm=doc.documentElement;var blockName="P";var rngBefore=doc.createRange();rngBefore.setStart(sel.anchorNode,sel.anchorOffset);rngBefore.collapse(true);var rngAfter=doc.createRange();rngAfter.setStart(sel.focusNode,sel.focusOffset);rngAfter.collapse(true);var direct=rngBefore.compareBoundaryPoints(rngBefore.START_TO_END,rngAfter)<0;var startNode=direct?sel.anchorNode:sel.focusNode;var startOffset=direct?sel.anchorOffset:sel.focusOffset;var endNode=direct?sel.focusNode:sel.anchorNode;var endOffset=direct?sel.focusOffset:sel.anchorOffset;startNode=startNode.nodeName=="BODY"?startNode.firstChild:startNode;endNode=endNode.nodeName=="BODY"?endNode.firstChild:endNode;var startBlock=tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(startNode);var endBlock=tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(endNode);if(startBlock&&new RegExp('absolute|relative|static','gi').test(startBlock.style.position))startBlock=null;if(endBlock&&new RegExp('absolute|relative|static','gi').test(endBlock.style.position))endBlock=null;if(startBlock!=null){blockName=startBlock.nodeName;if(blockName=="TD"||blockName=="TABLE"||(blockName=="DIV"&&new RegExp('left|right','gi').test(startBlock.style.cssFloat)))blockName="P";}if(tinyMCE.getParentElement(startBlock,"OL,UL")!=null)return false;if((startBlock!=null&&startBlock.nodeName=="TABLE")||(endBlock!=null&&endBlock.nodeName=="TABLE"))startBlock=endBlock=null;var paraBefore=(startBlock!=null&&startBlock.nodeName==blockName)?startBlock.cloneNode(false):doc.createElement(blockName);var paraAfter=(endBlock!=null&&endBlock.nodeName==blockName)?endBlock.cloneNode(false):doc.createElement(blockName);if(\/^(H[1-6])$\/.test(blockName))paraAfter=doc.createElement("p");var startChop=startNode;var endChop=endNode;node=startChop;do{if(node==body||node.nodeType==9||tinyMCE.isBlockElement(node))break;startChop=node;}while((node=node.previousSibling?node.previousSibling:node.parentNode));node=endChop;do{if(node==body||node.nodeType==9||tinyMCE.isBlockElement(node))break;endChop=node;}while((node=node.nextSibling?node.nextSibling:node.parentNode));if(startChop.nodeName=="TD")startChop=startChop.firstChild;if(endChop.nodeName=="TD")endChop=endChop.lastChild;if(startBlock==null){rng.deleteContents();sel.removeAllRanges();if(startChop!=rootElm&&endChop!=rootElm){rngBefore=rng.cloneRange();if(startChop==body)rngBefore.setStart(startChop,0);else rngBefore.setStartBefore(startChop);paraBefore.appendChild(rngBefore.cloneContents());if(endChop.parentNode.nodeName==blockName)endChop=endChop.parentNode;rng.setEndAfter(endChop);if(endChop.nodeName!="#text"&&endChop.nodeName!="BODY")rngBefore.setEndAfter(endChop);var contents=rng.cloneContents();if(contents.firstChild&&(contents.firstChild.nodeName==blockName||contents.firstChild.nodeName=="BODY"))paraAfter.innerHTML=contents.firstChild.innerHTML;else paraAfter.appendChild(contents);if(isEmpty(paraBefore))paraBefore.innerHTML="&nbsp;";if(isEmpty(paraAfter))paraAfter.innerHTML="&nbsp;";rng.deleteContents();rngAfter.deleteContents();rngBefore.deleteContents();paraAfter.normalize();rngBefore.insertNode(paraAfter);paraBefore.normalize();rngBefore.insertNode(paraBefore);}else{body.innerHTML="<"+blockName+">&nbsp;<\/"+blockName+"><"+blockName+">&nbsp;<\/"+blockName+">";paraAfter=body.childNodes[1];}inst.selection.selectNode(paraAfter,true,true);return true;}if(startChop.nodeName==blockName)rngBefore.setStart(startChop,0);else rngBefore.setStartBefore(startChop);rngBefore.setEnd(startNode,startOffset);paraBefore.appendChild(rngBefore.cloneContents());rngAfter.setEndAfter(endChop);rngAfter.setStart(endNode,endOffset);var contents=rngAfter.cloneContents();if(contents.firstChild&&contents.firstChild.nodeName==blockName){paraAfter.innerHTML=contents.firstChild.innerHTML;}else paraAfter.appendChild(contents);if(isEmpty(paraBefore))paraBefore.innerHTML="&nbsp;";if(isEmpty(paraAfter))paraAfter.innerHTML="&nbsp;";var rng=doc.createRange();if(!startChop.previousSibling&&startChop.parentNode.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName){rng.setStartBefore(startChop.parentNode);}else{if(rngBefore.startContainer.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName&&rngBefore.startOffset==0)rng.setStartBefore(rngBefore.startContainer);else rng.setStart(rngBefore.startContainer,rngBefore.startOffset);}if(!endChop.nextSibling&&endChop.parentNode.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName)rng.setEndAfter(endChop.parentNode);else rng.setEnd(rngAfter.endContainer,rngAfter.endOffset);rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(paraAfter);rng.insertNode(paraBefore);paraAfter.normalize();paraBefore.normalize();inst.selection.selectNode(paraAfter,true,true);return true;},_handleBackSpace:function(inst){var r=inst.getRng(),sn=r.startContainer,nv,s=false;if(sn&&sn.nextSibling&&sn.nextSibling.nodeName=="BR"){nv=sn.nodeValue;if(nv!=null&&nv.length>=r.startOffset&&nv.charAt(r.startOffset-1)==' ')s=true;if(nv!=null&&r.startOffset==nv.length)sn.nextSibling.parentNode.removeChild(sn.nextSibling);}return s;}};function TinyMCE_Layer(id,bm){this.id=id;this.blockerElement=null;this.events=false;this.element=null;this.blockMode=typeof(bm)!='undefined'?bm:true;this.doc=document;};TinyMCE_Layer.prototype={moveRelativeTo:function(re,p){var rep=this.getAbsPosition(re);var w=parseInt(re.offsetWidth);var h=parseInt(re.offsetHeight);var e=this.getElement();var ew=parseInt(e.offsetWidth);var eh=parseInt(e.offsetHeight);var x,y;switch(p){case"tl":x=rep.absLeft;y=rep.absTop;break;case"tr":x=rep.absLeft+w;y=rep.absTop;break;case"bl":x=rep.absLeft;y=rep.absTop+h;break;case"br":x=rep.absLeft+w;y=rep.absTop+h;break;case"cc":x=rep.absLeft+(w\/2)-(ew\/2);y=rep.absTop+(h\/2)-(eh\/2);break;}this.moveTo(x,y);},moveBy:function(x,y){var e=this.getElement();this.moveTo(parseInt(e.style.left)+x,parseInt(e.style.top)+y);},moveTo:function(x,y){var e=this.getElement();e.style.left=x+"px";e.style.top=y+"px";this.updateBlocker();},resizeBy:function(w,h){var e=this.getElement();this.resizeTo(parseInt(e.style.width)+w,parseInt(e.style.height)+h);},resizeTo:function(w,h){var e=this.getElement();if(w!=null)e.style.width=w+"px";if(h!=null)e.style.height=h+"px";this.updateBlocker();},show:function(){this.getElement().style.display='block';this.updateBlocker();},hide:function(){this.getElement().style.display='none';this.updateBlocker();},isVisible:function(){return this.getElement().style.display=='block';},getElement:function(){if(!this.element)this.element=this.doc.getElementById(this.id);return this.element;},setBlockMode:function(s){this.blockMode=s;},updateBlocker:function(){var e,b,x,y,w,h;b=this.getBlocker();if(b){if(this.blockMode){e=this.getElement();x=this.parseInt(e.style.left);y=this.parseInt(e.style.top);w=this.parseInt(e.offsetWidth);h=this.parseInt(e.offsetHeight);b.style.left=x+'px';b.style.top=y+'px';b.style.width=w+'px';b.style.height=h+'px';b.style.display=e.style.display;}else b.style.display='none';}},getBlocker:function(){var d,b;if(!this.blockerElement&&this.blockMode){d=this.doc;b=d.createElement("iframe");b.style.cssText='display: none; position: absolute; left: 0; top: 0';b.src='javascript:false;';b.frameBorder='0';b.scrolling='no';d.body.appendChild(b);this.blockerElement=b;}return this.blockerElement;},getAbsPosition:function(n){var p={absLeft:0,absTop:0};while(n){p.absLeft+=n.offsetLeft;p.absTop+=n.offsetTop;n=n.offsetParent;}return p;},create:function(n,c,p){var d=this.doc,e=d.createElement(n);e.setAttribute('id',this.id);if(c)e.className=c;if(!p)p=d.body;p.appendChild(e);return this.element=e;},parseInt:function(s){if(s==null||s=='')return 0;return parseInt(s);}};function TinyMCE_Menu(){var id;if(typeof(tinyMCE.menuCounter)=="undefined")tinyMCE.menuCounter=0;id="mc_menu_"+tinyMCE.menuCounter++;TinyMCE_Layer.call(this,id,true);this.id=id;this.items=new Array();this.needsUpdate=true;};TinyMCE_Menu.prototype=tinyMCE.extend(TinyMCE_Layer.prototype,{init:function(s){var n;this.settings={separator_class:'mceMenuSeparator',title_class:'mceMenuTitle',disabled_class:'mceMenuDisabled',menu_class:'mceMenu',drop_menu:true};for(n in s)this.settings[n]=s[n];this.create('div',this.settings.menu_class);},clear:function(){this.items=new Array();},addTitle:function(t){this.add({type:'title',text:t});},addDisabled:function(t){this.add({type:'disabled',text:t});},addSeparator:function(){this.add({type:'separator'});},addItem:function(t,js){this.add({text:t,js:js});},add:function(mi){this.items[this.items.length]=mi;this.needsUpdate=true;},update:function(){var e=this.getElement(),h='',i,t,m=this.items,s=this.settings;if(this.settings.drop_menu)h+='<span class="mceMenuLine"><\/span>';h+='<table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">';for(i=0;i<m.length;i++){t=tinyMCE.xmlEncode(m[i].text);c=m[i].class_name?' class="'+m[i].class_name+'"':'';switch(m[i].type){case'separator':h+='<tr class="'+s.separator_class+'"><td>';break;case'title':h+='<tr class="'+s.title_class+'"><td><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span>';break;case'disabled':h+='<tr class="'+s.disabled_class+'"><td><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span>';break;default:h+='<tr><td><a href="javascript:void(0);" onmousedown="'+tinyMCE.xmlEncode(m[i].js)+';return false;"><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span><\/a>';}h+='<\/td><\/tr>';}h+='<\/table>';e.innerHTML=h;this.needsUpdate=false;this.updateBlocker();},show:function(){var nl,i;if(tinyMCE.lastMenu==this)return;if(this.needsUpdate)this.update();if(tinyMCE.lastMenu&&tinyMCE.lastMenu!=this)tinyMCE.lastMenu.hide();TinyMCE_Layer.prototype.show.call(this);if(!tinyMCE.isOpera){}tinyMCE.lastMenu=this;}});TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.debug=function(){var m="",e,a,i;e=document.getElementById("tinymce_debug");if(!e){var d=document.createElement("div");d.setAttribute("className","debugger");d.className="debugger";d.innerHTML='Debug output:<textarea id="tinymce_debug" style="width: 100%; height: 300px" wrap="nowrap" mce_editable="false"><\/textarea>';document.body.appendChild(d);e=document.getElementById("tinymce_debug");}a=this.debug.arguments;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){m+=a[i];if(i<a.length-1)m+=', ';}e.value+=m+"\\n";};/;"	f
TinyMCE_Engine	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Engine() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Engine	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce.js	/^function TinyMCE_Engine(){this.majorVersion="2";this.minorVersion="0.6.1";this.releaseDate="2006-05-04";this.instances=new Array();this.switchClassCache=new Array();this.windowArgs=new Array();this.loadedFiles=new Array();this.pendingFiles=new Array();this.loadingIndex=0;this.configs=new Array();this.currentConfig=0;this.eventHandlers=new Array();var ua=navigator.userAgent;this.isMSIE=(navigator.appName=="Microsoft Internet Explorer");this.isMSIE5=this.isMSIE&&(ua.indexOf('MSIE 5')!=-1);this.isMSIE5_0=this.isMSIE&&(ua.indexOf('MSIE 5.0')!=-1);this.isGecko=ua.indexOf('Gecko')!=-1;this.isSafari=ua.indexOf('Safari')!=-1;this.isOpera=ua.indexOf('Opera')!=-1;this.isMac=ua.indexOf('Mac')!=-1;this.isNS7=ua.indexOf('Netscape\/7')!=-1;this.isNS71=ua.indexOf('Netscape\/7.1')!=-1;this.dialogCounter=0;this.plugins=new Array();this.themes=new Array();this.menus=new Array();this.loadedPlugins=new Array();this.buttonMap=new Array();this.isLoaded=false;if(this.isOpera){this.isMSIE=true;this.isGecko=false;this.isSafari=false;}this.idCounter=0;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype={init:function(settings){var theme;this.settings=settings;if(typeof(document.execCommand)=='undefined')return;if(!tinyMCE.baseURL){var elements=document.getElementsByTagName('script');for(var i=0;i<elements.length;i++){if(elements[i].src&&(elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_dev.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_src.js")!=-1||elements[i].src.indexOf("tiny_mce_gzip")!=-1)){var src=elements[i].src;tinyMCE.srcMode=(src.indexOf('_src')!=-1||src.indexOf('_dev')!=-1)?'_src':'';tinyMCE.gzipMode=src.indexOf('_gzip')!=-1;src=src.substring(0,src.lastIndexOf('\/'));if(settings.exec_mode=="src"||settings.exec_mode=="normal")tinyMCE.srcMode=settings.exec_mode=="src"?'_src':'';tinyMCE.baseURL=src;break;}}}this.documentBasePath=document.location.href;if(this.documentBasePath.indexOf('?')!=-1)this.documentBasePath=this.documentBasePath.substring(0,this.documentBasePath.indexOf('?'));this.documentURL=this.documentBasePath;this.documentBasePath=this.documentBasePath.substring(0,this.documentBasePath.lastIndexOf('\/'));if(tinyMCE.baseURL.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&tinyMCE.baseURL.charAt(0)!='\/'){tinyMCE.baseURL=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+tinyMCE.baseURL;}this._def("mode","none");this._def("theme","advanced");this._def("plugins","",true);this._def("language","en");this._def("docs_language",this.settings['language']);this._def("elements","");this._def("textarea_trigger","mce_editable");this._def("editor_selector","");this._def("editor_deselector","mceNoEditor");this._def("valid_elements","+a[id|style|rel|rev|charset|hreflang|dir|lang|tabindex|accesskey|type|name|href|target|title|class|onfocus|onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onmousedown|onmouseup|onmouseover|onmousemove|onmouseout|onkeypress|onkeydown|onkeyup],-strong\/-b[class|style],-em\/-i[class|style],-strike[class|style],-u[class|style],#p[id|style|dir|class|align],-ol[class|style],-ul[class|style],-li[class|style],br,img[id|dir|lang|longdesc|usemap|style|class|src|onmouseover|onmouseout|border|alt=|title|hspace|vspace|width|height|align],-sub[style|class],-sup[style|class],-blockquote[dir|style],-table[border=0|cellspacing|cellpadding|width|height|class|align|summary|style|dir|id|lang|bgcolor|background|bordercolor],-tr[id|lang|dir|class|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|bgcolor|background|bordercolor],tbody[id|class],thead[id|class],tfoot[id|class],-td[id|lang|dir|class|colspan|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|bgcolor|background|bordercolor|scope],-th[id|lang|dir|class|colspan|rowspan|width|height|align|valign|style|scope],caption[id|lang|dir|class|style],-div[id|dir|class|align|style],-span[style|class|align],-pre[class|align|style],address[class|align|style],-h1[id|style|dir|class|align],-h2[id|style|dir|class|align],-h3[id|style|dir|class|align],-h4[id|style|dir|class|align],-h5[id|style|dir|class|align],-h6[id|style|dir|class|align],hr[class|style],-font[face|size|style|id|class|dir|color],dd[id|class|title|style|dir|lang],dl[id|class|title|style|dir|lang],dt[id|class|title|style|dir|lang]");this._def("extended_valid_elements","");this._def("invalid_elements","");this._def("encoding","");this._def("urlconverter_callback",tinyMCE.getParam("urlconvertor_callback","TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertURL"));this._def("save_callback","");this._def("debug",false);this._def("force_br_newlines",false);this._def("force_p_newlines",true);this._def("add_form_submit_trigger",true);this._def("relative_urls",true);this._def("remove_script_host",true);this._def("focus_alert",true);this._def("document_base_url",this.documentURL);this._def("visual",true);this._def("visual_table_class","mceVisualAid");this._def("setupcontent_callback","");this._def("fix_content_duplication",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo_levels",-1);this._def("custom_undo_redo_keyboard_shortcuts",true);this._def("custom_undo_redo_restore_selection",true);this._def("verify_html",true);this._def("apply_source_formatting",false);this._def("directionality","ltr");this._def("cleanup_on_startup",false);this._def("inline_styles",false);this._def("convert_newlines_to_brs",false);this._def("auto_reset_designmode",true);this._def("entities","39,#39,160,nbsp,161,iexcl,162,cent,163,pound,164,curren,165,yen,166,brvbar,167,sect,168,uml,169,copy,170,ordf,171,laquo,172,not,173,shy,174,reg,175,macr,176,deg,177,plusmn,178,sup2,179,sup3,180,acute,181,micro,182,para,183,middot,184,cedil,185,sup1,186,ordm,187,raquo,188,frac14,189,frac12,190,frac34,191,iquest,192,Agrave,193,Aacute,194,Acirc,195,Atilde,196,Auml,197,Aring,198,AElig,199,Ccedil,200,Egrave,201,Eacute,202,Ecirc,203,Euml,204,Igrave,205,Iacute,206,Icirc,207,Iuml,208,ETH,209,Ntilde,210,Ograve,211,Oacute,212,Ocirc,213,Otilde,214,Ouml,215,times,216,Oslash,217,Ugrave,218,Uacute,219,Ucirc,220,Uuml,221,Yacute,222,THORN,223,szlig,224,agrave,225,aacute,226,acirc,227,atilde,228,auml,229,aring,230,aelig,231,ccedil,232,egrave,233,eacute,234,ecirc,235,euml,236,igrave,237,iacute,238,icirc,239,iuml,240,eth,241,ntilde,242,ograve,243,oacute,244,ocirc,245,otilde,246,ouml,247,divide,248,oslash,249,ugrave,250,uacute,251,ucirc,252,uuml,253,yacute,254,thorn,255,yuml,402,fnof,913,Alpha,914,Beta,915,Gamma,916,Delta,917,Epsilon,918,Zeta,919,Eta,920,Theta,921,Iota,922,Kappa,923,Lambda,924,Mu,925,Nu,926,Xi,927,Omicron,928,Pi,929,Rho,931,Sigma,932,Tau,933,Upsilon,934,Phi,935,Chi,936,Psi,937,Omega,945,alpha,946,beta,947,gamma,948,delta,949,epsilon,950,zeta,951,eta,952,theta,953,iota,954,kappa,955,lambda,956,mu,957,nu,958,xi,959,omicron,960,pi,961,rho,962,sigmaf,963,sigma,964,tau,965,upsilon,966,phi,967,chi,968,psi,969,omega,977,thetasym,978,upsih,982,piv,8226,bull,8230,hellip,8242,prime,8243,Prime,8254,oline,8260,frasl,8472,weierp,8465,image,8476,real,8482,trade,8501,alefsym,8592,larr,8593,uarr,8594,rarr,8595,darr,8596,harr,8629,crarr,8656,lArr,8657,uArr,8658,rArr,8659,dArr,8660,hArr,8704,forall,8706,part,8707,exist,8709,empty,8711,nabla,8712,isin,8713,notin,8715,ni,8719,prod,8721,sum,8722,minus,8727,lowast,8730,radic,8733,prop,8734,infin,8736,ang,8743,and,8744,or,8745,cap,8746,cup,8747,int,8756,there4,8764,sim,8773,cong,8776,asymp,8800,ne,8801,equiv,8804,le,8805,ge,8834,sub,8835,sup,8836,nsub,8838,sube,8839,supe,8853,oplus,8855,otimes,8869,perp,8901,sdot,8968,lceil,8969,rceil,8970,lfloor,8971,rfloor,9001,lang,9002,rang,9674,loz,9824,spades,9827,clubs,9829,hearts,9830,diams,34,quot,38,amp,60,lt,62,gt,338,OElig,339,oelig,352,Scaron,353,scaron,376,Yuml,710,circ,732,tilde,8194,ensp,8195,emsp,8201,thinsp,8204,zwnj,8205,zwj,8206,lrm,8207,rlm,8211,ndash,8212,mdash,8216,lsquo,8217,rsquo,8218,sbquo,8220,ldquo,8221,rdquo,8222,bdquo,8224,dagger,8225,Dagger,8240,permil,8249,lsaquo,8250,rsaquo,8364,euro",true);this._def("entity_encoding","named");this._def("cleanup_callback","");this._def("add_unload_trigger",true);this._def("ask",false);this._def("nowrap",false);this._def("auto_resize",false);this._def("auto_focus",false);this._def("cleanup",true);this._def("remove_linebreaks",true);this._def("button_tile_map",false);this._def("submit_patch",true);this._def("browsers","msie,safari,gecko,opera",true);this._def("dialog_type","window");this._def("accessibility_warnings",true);this._def("accessibility_focus",true);this._def("merge_styles_invalid_parents","");this._def("force_hex_style_colors",true);this._def("trim_span_elements",true);this._def("convert_fonts_to_spans",false);this._def("doctype",'<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-\/\/W3C\/\/DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional\/\/EN">');this._def("font_size_classes",'');this._def("font_size_style_values",'xx-small,x-small,small,medium,large,x-large,xx-large',true);this._def("event_elements",'a,img',true);this._def("convert_urls",true);this._def("table_inline_editing",false);this._def("object_resizing",true);this._def("custom_shortcuts",true);this._def("convert_on_click",false);this._def("content_css",'');this._def("fix_list_elements",false);this._def("fix_table_elements",false);this._def("strict_loading_mode",document.contentType=='application\/xhtml+xml');this._def("hidden_tab_class",'');this._def("display_tab_class",'');if(this.isMSIE&&!this.isOpera)this.settings.strict_loading_mode=false;if(this.isMSIE&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('msie')==-1)return;if(this.isGecko&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('gecko')==-1)return;if(this.isSafari&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('safari')==-1)return;if(this.isOpera&&this.settings['browsers'].indexOf('opera')==-1)return;var baseHREF=tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url'];var h=document.location.href;var p=h.indexOf(':\/\/');if(p>0&&document.location.protocol!="file:"){p=h.indexOf('\/',p+3);h=h.substring(0,p);if(baseHREF.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1)baseHREF=h+baseHREF;tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']=baseHREF;tinyMCE.settings['document_base_prefix']=h;}if(baseHREF.indexOf('?')!=-1)baseHREF=baseHREF.substring(0,baseHREF.indexOf('?'));this.settings['base_href']=baseHREF.substring(0,baseHREF.lastIndexOf('\/'))+"\/";theme=this.settings['theme'];this.blockRegExp=new RegExp("^(h[1-6]|p|div|address|pre|form|table|li|ol|ul|td|blockquote|center|dl|dt|dd|dir|fieldset|form|noscript|noframes|menu|isindex|samp)$","i");this.posKeyCodes=new Array(13,45,36,35,33,34,37,38,39,40);this.uniqueURL='javascript:TINYMCE_UNIQUEURL();';this.uniqueTag='<div id="mceTMPElement" style="display: none">TMP<\/div>';this.callbacks=new Array('onInit','getInfo','getEditorTemplate','setupContent','onChange','onPageLoad','handleNodeChange','initInstance','execCommand','getControlHTML','handleEvent','cleanup');this.settings['theme_href']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)this.settings['force_br_newlines']=false;if(tinyMCE.getParam("popups_css",false)){var cssPath=tinyMCE.getParam("popups_css","");if(cssPath.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&cssPath.charAt(0)!='\/')this.settings['popups_css']=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+cssPath;else this.settings['popups_css']=cssPath;}else this.settings['popups_css']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme+"\/css\/editor_popup.css";if(tinyMCE.getParam("editor_css",false)){var cssPath=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_css","");if(cssPath.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&cssPath.charAt(0)!='\/')this.settings['editor_css']=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+cssPath;else this.settings['editor_css']=cssPath;}else this.settings['editor_css']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+theme+"\/css\/editor_ui.css";if(tinyMCE.settings['debug']){var msg="Debug: \\n";msg+="baseURL: "+this.baseURL+"\\n";msg+="documentBasePath: "+this.documentBasePath+"\\n";msg+="content_css: "+this.settings['content_css']+"\\n";msg+="popups_css: "+this.settings['popups_css']+"\\n";msg+="editor_css: "+this.settings['editor_css']+"\\n";alert(msg);}if(this.configs.length==0){if(this.isSafari&&this.getParam('safari_warning',false))alert("Safari support is very limited and should be considered experimental.\\nSo there is no need to even submit bugreports on this early version.\\nYou can disable this message by setting: safari_warning option to false");if(typeof(TinyMCECompressed)=="undefined"){tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"DOMContentLoaded",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){if(document.body)tinyMCE.addEvent(document.body,"readystatechange",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);else tinyMCE.addEvent(document,"readystatechange",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);}tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"load",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onLoad);tinyMCE._addUnloadEvents();}}this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/themes\/'+this.settings['theme']+'\/editor_template'+tinyMCE.srcMode+'.js');this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/langs\/'+this.settings['language']+'.js');this.loadCSS(this.settings['editor_css']);var p=tinyMCE.getParam('plugins','',true,',');if(p.length>0){for(var i=0;i<p.length;i++){if(p[i].charAt(0)!='-')this.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/plugins\/'+p[i]+'\/editor_plugin'+tinyMCE.srcMode+'.js');}}settings['cleanup_entities']=new Array();var entities=tinyMCE.getParam('entities','',true,',');for(var i=0;i<entities.length;i+=2)settings['cleanup_entities']['c'+entities[i]]=entities[i+1];settings['index']=this.configs.length;this.configs[this.configs.length]=settings;this.loadNextScript();},_addUnloadEvents:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(tinyMCE.settings['add_unload_trigger']){tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"unload",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler);tinyMCE.addEvent(window.document,"beforeunload",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler);}}else{if(tinyMCE.settings['add_unload_trigger'])tinyMCE.addEvent(window,"unload",function(){tinyMCE.triggerSave(true,true);});}},_def:function(key,def_val,t){var v=tinyMCE.getParam(key,def_val);v=t?v.replace(\/\\s+\/g,""):v;this.settings[key]=v;},hasPlugin:function(n){return typeof(this.plugins[n])!="undefined"&&this.plugins[n]!=null;},addPlugin:function(n,p){var op=this.plugins[n];p.baseURL=op?op.baseURL:tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/plugins\/"+n;this.plugins[n]=p;this.loadNextScript();},setPluginBaseURL:function(n,u){var op=this.plugins[n];if(op)op.baseURL=u;else this.plugins[n]={baseURL:u};},loadPlugin:function(n,u){u=u.indexOf('.js')!=-1?u.substring(0,u.lastIndexOf('\/')):u;u=u.charAt(u.length-1)=='\/'?u.substring(0,u.length-1):u;this.plugins[n]={baseURL:u};this.loadScript(u+"\/editor_plugin"+(tinyMCE.srcMode?'_src':'')+".js");},hasTheme:function(n){return typeof(this.themes[n])!="undefined"&&this.themes[n]!=null;},addTheme:function(n,t){this.themes[n]=t;this.loadNextScript();},addMenu:function(n,m){this.menus[n]=m;},hasMenu:function(n){return typeof(this.plugins[n])!="undefined"&&this.plugins[n]!=null;},loadScript:function(url){var i;for(i=0;i<this.loadedFiles.length;i++){if(this.loadedFiles[i]==url)return;}if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)this.pendingFiles[this.pendingFiles.length]=url;else document.write('<sc'+'ript language="javascript" type="text\/javascript" src="'+url+'"><\/script>');this.loadedFiles[this.loadedFiles.length]=url;},loadNextScript:function(){var d=document,se;if(!tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)return;if(this.loadingIndex<this.pendingFiles.length){se=d.createElementNS('http:\/\/www.w3.org\/1999\/xhtml','script');se.setAttribute('language','javascript');se.setAttribute('type','text\/javascript');se.setAttribute('src',this.pendingFiles[this.loadingIndex++]);d.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(se);}else this.loadingIndex=-1;},loadCSS:function(url){var ar=url.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var lflen=0,csslen=0;var skip=false;var x=0,i=0,nl,le;for(x=0,csslen=ar.length;x<csslen;x++){ignore_css=false;if(ar[x]!=null&&ar[x]!='null'&&ar[x].length>0){for(i=0,lflen=this.loadedFiles.length;i<lflen;i++){if(this.loadedFiles[i]==ar[x]){skip=true;break;}}if(!skip){if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode){nl=document.getElementsByTagName("head");le=document.createElement('link');le.setAttribute('href',ar[x]);le.setAttribute('rel','stylesheet');le.setAttribute('type','text\/css');nl[0].appendChild(le);}else document.write('<link href="'+ar[x]+'" rel="stylesheet" type="text\/css" \/>');this.loadedFiles[this.loadedFiles.length]=ar[x];}}}},importCSS:function(doc,css){var css_ary=css.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var csslen,elm,headArr,x,css_file;for(x=0,csslen=css_ary.length;x<csslen;x++){css_file=css_ary[x];if(css_file!=null&&css_file!='null'&&css_file.length>0){if(css_file.indexOf(':\/\/')==-1&&css_file.charAt(0)!='\/')css_file=this.documentBasePath+"\/"+css_file;if(typeof(doc.createStyleSheet)=="undefined"){elm=doc.createElement("link");elm.rel="stylesheet";elm.href=css_file;if((headArr=doc.getElementsByTagName("head"))!=null&&headArr.length>0)headArr[0].appendChild(elm);}else doc.createStyleSheet(css_file);}}},confirmAdd:function(e,settings){var elm=tinyMCE.isMSIE?event.srcElement:e.target;var elementId=elm.name?elm.name:elm.id;tinyMCE.settings=settings;if(tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click']||(!elm.getAttribute('mce_noask')&&confirm(tinyMCELang['lang_edit_confirm'])))tinyMCE.addMCEControl(elm,elementId);elm.setAttribute('mce_noask','true');},updateContent:function(form_element_name){var formElement=document.getElementById(form_element_name);for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){var inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.switchSettings();if(inst.formElement==formElement){var doc=inst.getDoc();tinyMCE._setHTML(doc,inst.formElement.value);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)doc.body.innerHTML=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,doc,this.settings,doc.body,inst.visualAid);}}},addMCEControl:function(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document){var id="mce_editor_"+tinyMCE.idCounter++;var inst=new TinyMCE_Control(tinyMCE.settings);inst.editorId=id;this.instances[id]=inst;inst._onAdd(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document);},removeMCEControl:function(editor_id){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst){inst.switchSettings();editor_id=inst.editorId;var html=tinyMCE.getContent(editor_id);var tmpInstances=new Array();for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){var instance=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;if(instanceName!=editor_id)tmpInstances[instanceName]=instance;}tinyMCE.instances=tmpInstances;tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;tinyMCE.selectedInstance=null;var replaceElement=document.getElementById(editor_id+"_parent");var oldTargetElement=inst.oldTargetElement;var targetName=oldTargetElement.nodeName.toLowerCase();if(targetName=="textarea"||targetName=="input"){replaceElement.parentNode.removeChild(replaceElement);oldTargetElement.style.display="inline";oldTargetElement.value=html;}else{oldTargetElement.innerHTML=html;oldTargetElement.style.display='block';replaceElement.parentNode.insertBefore(oldTargetElement,replaceElement);replaceElement.parentNode.removeChild(replaceElement);}}},triggerSave:function(skip_cleanup,skip_callback){var inst,n;if(typeof(skip_cleanup)=="undefined")skip_cleanup=false;if(typeof(skip_callback)=="undefined")skip_callback=false;for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.triggerSave(skip_cleanup,skip_callback);}},resetForm:function(form_index){var i,inst,n,formObj=document.forms[form_index];for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;inst.switchSettings();for(i=0;i<formObj.elements.length;i++){if(inst.formTargetElementId==formObj.elements[i].name)inst.getBody().innerHTML=inst.startContent;}}},execInstanceCommand:function(editor_id,command,user_interface,value,focus){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst){if(typeof(focus)=="undefined")focus=true;if(focus)inst.contentWindow.focus();inst.autoResetDesignMode();this.selectedElement=inst.getFocusElement();this.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.execCommand(command,user_interface,value);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&window.event!=null)tinyMCE.cancelEvent(window.event);}},execCommand:function(command,user_interface,value){user_interface=user_interface?user_interface:false;value=value?value:null;if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();switch(command){case'mceHelp':tinyMCE.openWindow({file:'about.htm',width:480,height:380},{tinymce_version:tinyMCE.majorVersion+"."+tinyMCE.minorVersion,tinymce_releasedate:tinyMCE.releaseDate,inline:"yes"});return;case'mceFocus':var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(value);if(inst)inst.contentWindow.focus();return;case"mceAddControl":case"mceAddEditor":tinyMCE.addMCEControl(tinyMCE._getElementById(value),value);return;case"mceAddFrameControl":tinyMCE.addMCEControl(tinyMCE._getElementById(value['element'],value['document']),value['element'],value['document']);return;case"mceRemoveControl":case"mceRemoveEditor":tinyMCE.removeMCEControl(value);return;case"mceResetDesignMode":if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(tinyMCE.instances[n]))continue;try{tinyMCE.instances[n].getDoc().designMode="on";}catch(e){}}}return;}if(this.selectedInstance){this.selectedInstance.execCommand(command,user_interface,value);}else if(tinyMCE.settings['focus_alert'])alert(tinyMCELang['lang_focus_alert']);},_createIFrame:function(replace_element,doc,win){var iframe,id=replace_element.getAttribute("id");var aw,ah;if(typeof(doc)=="undefined")doc=document;if(typeof(win)=="undefined")win=window;iframe=doc.createElement("iframe");aw=""+tinyMCE.settings['area_width'];ah=""+tinyMCE.settings['area_height'];if(aw.indexOf('%')==-1){aw=parseInt(aw);aw=aw<0?300:aw;aw=aw+"px";}if(ah.indexOf('%')==-1){ah=parseInt(ah);ah=ah<0?240:ah;ah=ah+"px";}iframe.setAttribute("id",id);iframe.setAttribute("class","mceEditorIframe");iframe.setAttribute("border","0");iframe.setAttribute("frameBorder","0");iframe.setAttribute("marginWidth","0");iframe.setAttribute("marginHeight","0");iframe.setAttribute("leftMargin","0");iframe.setAttribute("topMargin","0");iframe.setAttribute("width",aw);iframe.setAttribute("height",ah);iframe.setAttribute("allowtransparency","true");iframe.className='mceEditorIframe';if(tinyMCE.settings["auto_resize"])iframe.setAttribute("scrolling","no");if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)iframe.setAttribute("src",this.settings['default_document']);iframe.style.width=aw;iframe.style.height=ah;if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode)iframe.style.marginBottom='-5px';if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)replace_element.outerHTML=iframe.outerHTML;else replace_element.parentNode.replaceChild(iframe,replace_element);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return win.frames[id];else return iframe;},setupContent:function(editor_id){var inst=tinyMCE.instances[editor_id];var doc=inst.getDoc();var head=doc.getElementsByTagName('head').item(0);var content=inst.startContent;if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode){content=content.replace(\/&lt;\/g,'<');content=content.replace(\/&gt;\/g,'>');content=content.replace(\/&quot;\/g,'"');content=content.replace(\/&amp;\/g,'&');}inst.switchSettings();if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.getParam("setupcontent_reload",false)&&doc.title!="blank_page"){try{doc.location.href=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";}catch(ex){}window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.setupContent('"+editor_id+"');",1000);return;}if(!head){window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.setupContent('"+editor_id+"');",10);return;}tinyMCE.importCSS(inst.getDoc(),tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+inst.settings['theme']+"\/css\/editor_content.css");tinyMCE.importCSS(inst.getDoc(),inst.settings['content_css']);tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'init_instance_callback','initInstance',inst);if(tinyMCE.getParam('custom_undo_redo_keyboard_shortcuts')){inst.addShortcut('ctrl','z','lang_undo_desc','Undo');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','y','lang_redo_desc','Redo');}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){inst.addShortcut('ctrl','b','lang_bold_desc','Bold');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','i','lang_italic_desc','Italic');inst.addShortcut('ctrl','u','lang_underline_desc','Underline');}if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))inst.getDoc().body.setAttribute('id','mceSpanFonts');if(tinyMCE.settings['nowrap'])doc.body.style.whiteSpace="nowrap";doc.body.dir=this.settings['directionality'];doc.editorId=editor_id;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)doc.documentElement.editorId=editor_id;inst.setBaseHREF(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);if(tinyMCE.settings['convert_newlines_to_brs']){content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\r\\n","<br \/>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\r","<br \/>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"\\n","<br \/>","gi");}content=tinyMCE.storeAwayURLs(content);content=tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"insert_to_editor",content);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){window.setInterval('try{tinyMCE.getCSSClasses(tinyMCE.instances["'+editor_id+'"].getDoc(), "'+editor_id+'");}catch(e){}',500);if(tinyMCE.settings["force_br_newlines"])doc.styleSheets[0].addRule("p","margin: 0;");var body=inst.getBody();body.editorId=editor_id;}content=tinyMCE.cleanupHTMLCode(content);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){var contentElement=inst.getDoc().createElement("body");var doc=inst.getDoc();contentElement.innerHTML=content;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['remove_lt_gt'])content=content.replace(new RegExp('&lt;&gt;','g'),"");if(tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_on_startup'])tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,doc,this.settings,contentElement));else{content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<strong","<b","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<em(\/?)>","<i$1>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<em ","<i ","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<\/strong>","<\/b>","gi");content=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(content,"<\/em>","<\/i>","gi");tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),content);}tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(inst.getBody());}else{if(tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_on_startup']){tinyMCE._setHTML(inst.getDoc(),content);eval('try {tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(), tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst, inst.contentDocument, this.settings, inst.getBody()));} catch(e) {}');}else tinyMCE._setHTML(inst.getDoc(),content);}var parentElm=inst.targetDoc.getElementById(inst.editorId+'_parent');inst.formElement=tinyMCE.isGecko?parentElm.previousSibling:parentElm.nextSibling;tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(inst.getBody(),true,tinyMCE.settings['visual'],inst);tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'setupcontent_callback','setupContent',editor_id,inst.getBody(),inst.getDoc());if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE)tinyMCE.addEventHandlers(inst);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){tinyMCE.addEvent(inst.getBody(),"blur",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(inst.getBody(),"beforedeactivate",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);if(!tinyMCE.isOpera){tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"mousemove",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onMouseMove);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"beforepaste",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc.body,"drop",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);}}tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.selectedElement=inst.contentWindow.document.body;tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"insert_to_editor_dom",inst.getBody());tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,"setup_content_dom",inst.getBody());tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(inst.getBody(),false);tinyMCE.cleanupAnchors(inst.getDoc());if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(inst.getDoc());inst.startContent=tinyMCE.trim(inst.getBody().innerHTML);inst.undoRedo.add({content:inst.startContent});if(tinyMCE.isGecko){tinyMCE.selectNodes(inst.getBody(),function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");}return false;});}tinyMCE._removeInternal(inst.getBody());tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false,true);},storeAwayURLs:function(s){if(!s.match(\/(mce_src|mce_href)\/gi,s)){s=s.replace(new RegExp('src\\\\s*=\\\\s*\\"([^ >\\"]*)\\"','gi'),'src="$1" mce_src="$1"');s=s.replace(new RegExp('href\\\\s*=\\\\s*\\"([^ >\\"]*)\\"','gi'),'href="$1" mce_href="$1"');}return s;},_removeInternal:function(n){if(tinyMCE.isGecko){tinyMCE.selectNodes(n,function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");}return false;});}},removeTinyMCEFormElements:function(form_obj){if(typeof(form_obj)=="undefined"||form_obj==null)return;if(form_obj.nodeName!="FORM"){if(form_obj.form)form_obj=form_obj.form;else form_obj=tinyMCE.getParentElement(form_obj,"form");}if(form_obj==null)return;for(var i=0;i<form_obj.elements.length;i++){var elementId=form_obj.elements[i].name?form_obj.elements[i].name:form_obj.elements[i].id;if(elementId.indexOf('mce_editor_')==0)form_obj.elements[i].disabled=true;}},handleEvent:function(e){var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(typeof(tinyMCE)=="undefined")return true;if(tinyMCE.executeCallback(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,'handle_event_callback','handleEvent',e))return false;switch(e.type){case"beforedeactivate":case"blur":if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.execCommand('mceEndTyping');tinyMCE.hideMenus();return;case"drop":case"beforepaste":if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.setBaseHREF(null);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){var ife=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.iframeElement;if(ife.style.height.indexOf('%')!=-1){ife._oldHeight=ife.style.height;ife.style.height=ife.clientHeight;}}window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.selectedInstance.setBaseHREF(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);tinyMCE._resetIframeHeight();",1);return;case"submit":tinyMCE.removeTinyMCEFormElements(tinyMCE.isMSIE?window.event.srcElement:e.target);tinyMCE.triggerSave();tinyMCE.isNotDirty=true;return;case"reset":var formObj=tinyMCE.isMSIE?window.event.srcElement:e.target;for(var i=0;i<document.forms.length;i++){if(document.forms[i]==formObj)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.resetForm('+i+');',10);}return;case"keypress":if(inst&&inst.handleShortcut(e))return false;if(e.target.editorId){tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];}else{if(e.target.ownerDocument.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.ownerDocument.editorId];}if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&e.keyCode==13&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._insertPara(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}}if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46)&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._handleBackSpace(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e.type)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['force_br_newlines']&&e.keyCode==13){if(e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){var sel=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getDoc().selection;var rng=sel.createRange();if(tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.parentElement(),"li")!=null)return false;e.returnValue=false;e.cancelBubble=true;rng.pasteHTML("<br \/>");rng.collapse(false);rng.select();tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);return false;}}if(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46){tinyMCE.selectedElement=e.target;tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"img");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}return false;break;case"keyup":case"keydown":tinyMCE.hideMenus();tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved=false;if(inst&&inst.handleShortcut(e))return false;if(e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];else return;if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.settings['force_p_newlines']&&(e.keyCode==8||e.keyCode==46)&&!e.shiftKey){if(TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs._handleBackSpace(tinyMCE.selectedInstance,e.type)){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");e.preventDefault();return false;}}tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;tinyMCE.selectedNode=null;var elm=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getFocusElement();tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm,"img");tinyMCE.selectedElement=elm;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&e.type=="keyup"&&e.keyCode==9)tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getBody(),true,tinyMCE.settings['visual'],tinyMCE.selectedInstance);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.type=="keydown"&&e.keyCode==13)tinyMCE.enterKeyElement=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getFocusElement();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.type=="keyup"&&e.keyCode==13){var elm=tinyMCE.enterKeyElement;if(elm){var re=new RegExp('^HR|IMG|BR$','g');var dre=new RegExp('^H[1-6]$','g');if(!elm.hasChildNodes()&&!re.test(elm.nodeName)){if(dre.test(elm.nodeName))elm.innerHTML="&nbsp;&nbsp;";else elm.innerHTML="&nbsp;";}}}var keys=tinyMCE.posKeyCodes;var posKey=false;for(var i=0;i<keys.length;i++){if(keys[i]==e.keyCode){posKey=true;break;}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){var keys=new Array(8,46);for(var i=0;i<keys.length;i++){if(keys[i]==e.keyCode){if(e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}}}if(e.keyCode==17)return true;if(!posKey&&e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceStartTyping");if(e.type=="keydown"&&(posKey||e.ctrlKey)&&inst)inst.undoBookmark=inst.selection.getBookmark();if(e.type=="keyup"&&(posKey||e.ctrlKey))tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(posKey&&e.type=="keyup")tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&e.ctrlKey)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);break;case"mousedown":case"mouseup":case"click":case"focus":tinyMCE.hideMenus();if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.switchSettings();tinyMCE.selectedInstance.isFocused=true;}var targetBody=tinyMCE.getParentElement(e.target,"body");for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(tinyMCE.instances[instanceName]))continue;var inst=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];inst.autoResetDesignMode();if(inst.getBody()==targetBody){tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;tinyMCE.selectedElement=e.target;tinyMCE.linkElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"a");tinyMCE.imgElement=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"img");break;}}if(!tinyMCE.selectedInstance.undoRedo.undoLevels[0].bookmark)tinyMCE.selectedInstance.undoRedo.undoLevels[0].bookmark=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.selection.getBookmark();if(tinyMCE.isSafari){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.lastSafariSelection=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE.selectedInstance.lastSafariSelectedElement=tinyMCE.selectedElement;var lnk=tinyMCE.getParentElement(tinyMCE.selectedElement,"a");if(lnk&&e.type=="mousedown"){lnk.setAttribute("mce_real_href",lnk.getAttribute("href"));lnk.setAttribute("href","javascript:void(0);");}if(lnk&&e.type=="click"){window.setTimeout(function(){lnk.setAttribute("href",lnk.getAttribute("mce_real_href"));lnk.removeAttribute("mce_real_href");},10);}}if(e.type!="focus")tinyMCE.selectedNode=null;tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(e.type=="mouseup")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");if(!tinyMCE.selectedInstance&&e.target.editorId)tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.instances[e.target.editorId];return false;break;}},getButtonHTML:function(id,lang,img,cmd,ui,val){var h='',m,x;cmd='tinyMCE.execInstanceCommand(\\'{$editor_id}\\',\\''+cmd+'\\'';if(typeof(ui)!="undefined"&&ui!=null)cmd+=','+ui;if(typeof(val)!="undefined"&&val!=null)cmd+=",'"+val+"'";cmd+=');';if(tinyMCE.getParam('button_tile_map')&&(!tinyMCE.isMSIE||tinyMCE.isOpera)&&(m=this.buttonMap[id])!=null&&(tinyMCE.getParam("language")=="en"||img.indexOf('$lang')==-1)){x=0-(m*20)==0?'0':0-(m*20);h+='<a id="{$editor_id}_'+id+'" href="javascript:'+cmd+'" onclick="'+cmd+'return false;" onmousedown="return false;" class="mceTiledButton mceButtonNormal" target="_self">';h+='<img src="{$themeurl}\/images\/spacer.gif" style="background-position: '+x+'px 0" title="{$'+lang+'}" \/>';h+='<\/a>';}else{h+='<a id="{$editor_id}_'+id+'" href="javascript:'+cmd+'" onclick="'+cmd+'return false;" onmousedown="return false;" class="mceButtonNormal" target="_self">';h+='<img src="'+img+'" title="{$'+lang+'}" \/>';h+='<\/a>';}return h;},addButtonMap:function(m){var i,a=m.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');for(i=0;i<a.length;i++)this.buttonMap[a[i]]=i;},submitPatch:function(){tinyMCE.removeTinyMCEFormElements(this);tinyMCE.triggerSave();this.mceOldSubmit();tinyMCE.isNotDirty=true;},onLoad:function(){if(tinyMCE.settings.strict_loading_mode&&this.loadingIndex!=-1){window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.onLoad();',1);return;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera&&window.event.type=="readystatechange"&&document.readyState!="complete")return true;if(tinyMCE.isLoaded)return true;tinyMCE.isLoaded=true;tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(null,'onpageload','onPageLoad');for(var c=0;c<tinyMCE.configs.length;c++){tinyMCE.settings=tinyMCE.configs[c];var selector=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_selector");var deselector=tinyMCE.getParam("editor_deselector");var elementRefAr=new Array();if(document.forms&&tinyMCE.settings['add_form_submit_trigger']&&!tinyMCE.submitTriggers){for(var i=0;i<document.forms.length;i++){var form=document.forms[i];tinyMCE.addEvent(form,"submit",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(form,"reset",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent);tinyMCE.submitTriggers=true;if(tinyMCE.settings['submit_patch']){try{form.mceOldSubmit=form.submit;form.submit=TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.submitPatch;}catch(e){}}}}var mode=tinyMCE.settings['mode'];switch(mode){case"exact":var elements=tinyMCE.getParam('elements','',true,',');for(var i=0;i<elements.length;i++){var element=tinyMCE._getElementById(elements[i]);var trigger=element?element.getAttribute(tinyMCE.settings['textarea_trigger']):"";if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(element,"class").indexOf(deselector)!=-1)continue;if(trigger=="false")continue;if((tinyMCE.settings['ask']||tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click'])&&element){elementRefAr[elementRefAr.length]=element;continue;}if(element)tinyMCE.addMCEControl(element,elements[i]);else if(tinyMCE.settings['debug'])alert("Error: Could not find element by id or name: "+elements[i]);}break;case"specific_textareas":case"textareas":var nodeList=document.getElementsByTagName("textarea");for(var i=0;i<nodeList.length;i++){var elm=nodeList.item(i);var trigger=elm.getAttribute(tinyMCE.settings['textarea_trigger']);if(selector!=''&&tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"class").indexOf(selector)==-1)continue;if(selector!='')trigger=selector!=""?"true":"";if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"class").indexOf(deselector)!=-1)continue;if((mode=="specific_textareas"&&trigger=="true")||(mode=="textareas"&&trigger!="false"))elementRefAr[elementRefAr.length]=elm;}break;}for(var i=0;i<elementRefAr.length;i++){var element=elementRefAr[i];var elementId=element.name?element.name:element.id;if(tinyMCE.settings['ask']||tinyMCE.settings['convert_on_click']){if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var settings=tinyMCE.settings;tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"focus",function(e){window.setTimeout(function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(e,settings);},10);});if(element.nodeName!="TEXTAREA"&&element.nodeName!="INPUT")tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"click",function(e){window.setTimeout(function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(e,settings);},10);});}else{var settings=tinyMCE.settings;tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"focus",function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(null,settings);});tinyMCE.addEvent(element,"click",function(){TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.confirmAdd(null,settings);});}}else tinyMCE.addMCEControl(element,elementId);}if(tinyMCE.settings['auto_focus']){window.setTimeout(function(){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(tinyMCE.settings['auto_focus']);inst.selection.selectNode(inst.getBody(),true,true);inst.contentWindow.focus();},10);}tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(null,'oninit','onInit');}},isInstance:function(o){return o!=null&&typeof(o)=="object"&&o.isTinyMCE_Control;},getParam:function(name,default_value,strip_whitespace,split_chr){var value=(typeof(this.settings[name])=="undefined")?default_value:this.settings[name];if(value=="true"||value=="false")return(value=="true");if(strip_whitespace)value=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(value,"[ \\t\\r\\n]","");if(typeof(split_chr)!="undefined"&&split_chr!=null){value=value.split(split_chr);var outArray=new Array();for(var i=0;i<value.length;i++){if(value[i]&&value[i]!="")outArray[outArray.length]=value[i];}value=outArray;}return value;},getLang:function(name,default_value,parse_entities,va){var v=(typeof(tinyMCELang[name])=="undefined")?default_value:tinyMCELang[name],n;if(parse_entities)v=tinyMCE.entityDecode(v);if(va){for(n in va)v=this.replaceVar(v,n,va[n]);}return v;},entityDecode:function(s){var e=document.createElement("div");e.innerHTML=s;return e.innerHTML;},addToLang:function(prefix,ar){for(var key in ar){if(typeof(ar[key])=='function')continue;tinyMCELang[(key.indexOf('lang_')==-1?'lang_':'')+(prefix!=''?(prefix+"_"):'')+key]=ar[key];}this.loadNextScript();},triggerNodeChange:function(focus,setup_content){if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){var inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;var editorId=inst.editorId;var elm=(typeof(setup_content)!="undefined"&&setup_content)?tinyMCE.selectedElement:inst.getFocusElement();var undoIndex=-1;var undoLevels=-1;var anySelection=false;var selectedText=inst.selection.getSelectedText();if(setup_content&&tinyMCE.isGecko&&inst.isHidden())elm=inst.getBody();inst.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.settings["auto_resize"]){var doc=inst.getDoc();inst.iframeElement.style.width=doc.body.offsetWidth+"px";inst.iframeElement.style.height=doc.body.offsetHeight+"px";}if(tinyMCE.selectedElement)anySelection=(tinyMCE.selectedElement.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="img")||(selectedText&&selectedText.length>0);if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){undoIndex=inst.undoRedo.undoIndex;undoLevels=inst.undoRedo.undoLevels.length;}tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'handle_node_change_callback','handleNodeChange',editorId,elm,undoIndex,undoLevels,inst.visualAid,anySelection,setup_content);}if(this.selectedInstance&&(typeof(focus)=="undefined"||focus))this.selectedInstance.contentWindow.focus();},_customCleanup:function(inst,type,content){var pl,po,i;var customCleanup=tinyMCE.settings['cleanup_callback'];if(customCleanup!=""&&eval("typeof("+customCleanup+")")!="undefined")content=eval(customCleanup+"(type, content, inst);");pl=inst.plugins;for(i=0;i<pl.length;i++){po=tinyMCE.plugins[pl[i]];if(po&&po.cleanup)content=po.cleanup(type,content,inst);}return content;},setContent:function(h){if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){tinyMCE.selectedInstance.execCommand('mceSetContent',false,h);tinyMCE.selectedInstance.repaint();}},importThemeLanguagePack:function(name){if(typeof(name)=="undefined")name=tinyMCE.settings['theme'];tinyMCE.loadScript(tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/themes\/'+name+'\/langs\/'+tinyMCE.settings['language']+'.js');},importPluginLanguagePack:function(name,valid_languages){var lang="en",b=tinyMCE.baseURL+'\/plugins\/'+name;valid_languages=valid_languages.split(',');for(var i=0;i<valid_languages.length;i++){if(tinyMCE.settings['language']==valid_languages[i])lang=tinyMCE.settings['language'];}if(this.plugins[name])b=this.plugins[name].baseURL;tinyMCE.loadScript(b+'\/langs\/'+lang+'.js');},applyTemplate:function(h,as){var i,s,ar=h.match(new RegExp('\\\\{\\\\$[a-z0-9_]+\\\\}','gi'));if(ar&&ar.length>0){for(i=ar.length-1;i>=0;i--){s=ar[i].substring(2,ar[i].length-1);if(s.indexOf('lang_')==0&&tinyMCELang[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,tinyMCELang[s]);else if(as&&as[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,as[s]);else if(tinyMCE.settings[s])h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,s,tinyMCE.settings[s]);}}h=tinyMCE.replaceVar(h,"themeurl",tinyMCE.themeURL);return h;},replaceVar:function(h,r,v){return h.replace(new RegExp('{\\\\\\$'+r+'}','g'),v);},openWindow:function(template,args){var html,width,height,x,y,resizable,scrollbars,url;args['mce_template_file']=template['file'];args['mce_width']=template['width'];args['mce_height']=template['height'];tinyMCE.windowArgs=args;html=template['html'];if(!(width=parseInt(template['width'])))width=320;if(!(height=parseInt(template['height'])))height=200;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)height+=40;else height+=20;x=parseInt(screen.width\/2.0)-(width\/2.0);y=parseInt(screen.height\/2.0)-(height\/2.0);resizable=(args&&args['resizable'])?args['resizable']:"no";scrollbars=(args&&args['scrollbars'])?args['scrollbars']:"no";if(template['file'].charAt(0)!='\/'&&template['file'].indexOf(':\/\/')==-1)url=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+tinyMCE.getParam("theme")+"\/"+template['file'];else url=template['file'];for(var name in args){if(typeof(args[name])=='function')continue;url=tinyMCE.replaceVar(url,name,escape(args[name]));}if(html){html=tinyMCE.replaceVar(html,"css",this.settings['popups_css']);html=tinyMCE.applyTemplate(html,args);var win=window.open("","mcePopup"+new Date().getTime(),"top="+y+",left="+x+",scrollbars="+scrollbars+",dialog=yes,minimizable="+resizable+",modal=yes,width="+width+",height="+height+",resizable="+resizable);if(win==null){alert(tinyMCELang['lang_popup_blocked']);return;}win.document.write(html);win.document.close();win.resizeTo(width,height);win.focus();}else{if((tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)&&resizable!='yes'&&tinyMCE.settings["dialog_type"]=="modal"){height+=10;var features="resizable:"+resizable+";scroll:"+scrollbars+";status:yes;center:yes;help:no;dialogWidth:"+width+"px;dialogHeight:"+height+"px;";window.showModalDialog(url,window,features);}else{var modal=(resizable=="yes")?"no":"yes";if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&tinyMCE.isMac)modal="no";if(template['close_previous']!="no")try{tinyMCE.lastWindow.close();}catch(ex){}var win=window.open(url,"mcePopup"+new Date().getTime(),"top="+y+",left="+x+",scrollbars="+scrollbars+",dialog="+modal+",minimizable="+resizable+",modal="+modal+",width="+width+",height="+height+",resizable="+resizable);if(win==null){alert(tinyMCELang['lang_popup_blocked']);return;}if(template['close_previous']!="no")tinyMCE.lastWindow=win;eval('try { win.resizeTo(width, height); } catch(e) { }');if(tinyMCE.isGecko){if(win.document.defaultView.statusbar.visible)win.resizeBy(0,tinyMCE.isMac?10:24);}win.focus();}}},closeWindow:function(win){win.close();},getVisualAidClass:function(class_name,state){var aidClass=tinyMCE.settings['visual_table_class'];if(typeof(state)=="undefined")state=tinyMCE.settings['visual'];var classNames=new Array();var ar=class_name.split(' ');for(var i=0;i<ar.length;i++){if(ar[i]==aidClass)ar[i]="";if(ar[i]!="")classNames[classNames.length]=ar[i];}if(state)classNames[classNames.length]=aidClass;var className="";for(var i=0;i<classNames.length;i++){if(i>0)className+=" ";className+=classNames[i];}return className;},handleVisualAid:function(el,deep,state,inst,skip_dispatch){if(!el)return;if(!skip_dispatch)tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'handle_visual_aid_callback','handleVisualAid',el,deep,state,inst);var tableElement=null;switch(el.nodeName){case"TABLE":var oldW=el.style.width;var oldH=el.style.height;var bo=tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"border");bo=bo==""||bo=="0"?true:false;tinyMCE.setAttrib(el,"class",tinyMCE.getVisualAidClass(tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"class"),state&&bo));el.style.width=oldW;el.style.height=oldH;for(var y=0;y<el.rows.length;y++){for(var x=0;x<el.rows[y].cells.length;x++){var cn=tinyMCE.getVisualAidClass(tinyMCE.getAttrib(el.rows[y].cells[x],"class"),state&&bo);tinyMCE.setAttrib(el.rows[y].cells[x],"class",cn);}}break;case"A":var anchorName=tinyMCE.getAttrib(el,"name");if(anchorName!=''&&state){el.title=anchorName;el.className='mceItemAnchor';}else if(anchorName!=''&&!state)el.className='';break;}if(deep&&el.hasChildNodes()){for(var i=0;i<el.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(el.childNodes[i],deep,state,inst,true);}},fixGeckoBaseHREFBug:function(m,e,h){var nl,i,a,n,xsrc,xhref,el;if(tinyMCE.isGecko){if(m==1){h=h.replace(\/\\ssrc=\/gi," mce_tsrc=");h=h.replace(\/\\shref=\/gi," mce_thref=");return h;}else{el=new Array('a','img','select','area','iframe','base','input','script','embed','object','link');for(a=0;a<el.length;a++){n=e.getElementsByTagName(el[a]);for(i=0;i<n.length;i++){xsrc=tinyMCE.getAttrib(n[i],"mce_tsrc");xhref=tinyMCE.getAttrib(n[i],"mce_thref");if(xsrc!=""){try{n[i].src=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],xsrc);}catch(e){}n[i].removeAttribute("mce_tsrc");}if(xhref!=""){try{n[i].href=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],xhref);}catch(e){}n[i].removeAttribute("mce_thref");}}}el=tinyMCE.selectNodes(e,function(n){if(n.nodeType==3||n.nodeType==8){n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(\/\\smce_tsrc=\/gi," src=");n.nodeValue=n.nodeValue.replace(\/\\smce_thref=\/gi," href=");}return false;});}}return h;},_setHTML:function(doc,html_content){html_content=tinyMCE.cleanupHTMLCode(html_content);try{tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,html_content);}catch(e){if(this.isMSIE)doc.body.createTextRange().pasteHTML(html_content);}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&tinyMCE.settings['fix_content_duplication']){var paras=doc.getElementsByTagName("P");for(var i=0;i<paras.length;i++){var node=paras[i];while((node=node.parentNode)!=null){if(node.nodeName=="P")node.outerHTML=node.innerHTML;}}var html=doc.body.innerHTML;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,html);}tinyMCE.cleanupAnchors(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);},getEditorId:function(form_element){var inst=this.getInstanceById(form_element);if(!inst)return null;return inst.editorId;},getInstanceById:function(editor_id){var inst=this.instances[editor_id];if(!inst){for(var n in tinyMCE.instances){var instance=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;if(instance.formTargetElementId==editor_id){inst=instance;break;}}}return inst;},queryInstanceCommandValue:function(editor_id,command){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst)return inst.queryCommandValue(command);return false;},queryInstanceCommandState:function(editor_id,command){var inst=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(inst)return inst.queryCommandState(command);return null;},setWindowArg:function(n,v){this.windowArgs[n]=v;},getWindowArg:function(n,d){return(typeof(this.windowArgs[n])=="undefined")?d:this.windowArgs[n];},getCSSClasses:function(editor_id,doc){var output=new Array();if(typeof(tinyMCE.cssClasses)!="undefined")return tinyMCE.cssClasses;if(typeof(editor_id)=="undefined"&&typeof(doc)=="undefined"){var instance;for(var instanceName in tinyMCE.instances){instance=tinyMCE.instances[instanceName];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(instance))continue;break;}doc=instance.getDoc();}if(typeof(doc)=="undefined"){var instance=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);doc=instance.getDoc();}if(doc){var styles=doc.styleSheets;if(styles&&styles.length>0){for(var x=0;x<styles.length;x++){var csses=null;eval("try {var csses = tinyMCE.isMSIE ? doc.styleSheets("+x+").rules : styles["+x+"].cssRules;} catch(e) {}");if(!csses)return new Array();for(var i=0;i<csses.length;i++){var selectorText=csses[i].selectorText;if(selectorText){var rules=selectorText.split(',');for(var c=0;c<rules.length;c++){var rule=rules[c];while(rule.indexOf(' ')==0)rule=rule.substring(1);if(rule.indexOf(' ')!=-1||rule.indexOf(':')!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceItem')!=-1)continue;if(rule.indexOf(tinyMCE.settings['visual_table_class'])!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceEditable')!=-1||rule.indexOf('mceNonEditable')!=-1)continue;if(rule.indexOf('.')!=-1){var cssClass=rule.substring(rule.indexOf('.')+1);var addClass=true;for(var p=0;p<output.length&&addClass;p++){if(output[p]==cssClass)addClass=false;}if(addClass)output[output.length]=cssClass;}}}}}}}if(output.length>0)tinyMCE.cssClasses=output;return output;},regexpReplace:function(in_str,reg_exp,replace_str,opts){if(in_str==null)return in_str;if(typeof(opts)=="undefined")opts='g';var re=new RegExp(reg_exp,opts);return in_str.replace(re,replace_str);},trim:function(s){return s.replace(\/^\\s*|\\s*$\/g,"");},cleanupEventStr:function(s){s=""+s;s=s.replace('function anonymous()\\n{\\n','');s=s.replace('\\n}','');s=s.replace(\/^return true;\/gi,'');return s;},getControlHTML:function(c){var i,l,n,o,v;l=tinyMCE.plugins;for(n in l){o=l[n];if(o.getControlHTML&&(v=o.getControlHTML(c))!='')return tinyMCE.replaceVar(v,"pluginurl",o.baseURL);}o=tinyMCE.themes[tinyMCE.settings['theme']];if(o.getControlHTML&&(v=o.getControlHTML(c))!='')return v;return'';},evalFunc:function(f,idx,a){var s='(',i;for(i=idx;i<a.length;i++){s+='a['+i+']';if(i<a.length-1)s+=',';}s+=');';return eval("f"+s);},dispatchCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,0,this.dispatchCallback.arguments);},executeCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,1,this.executeCallback.arguments);},execCommandCallback:function(i,p,n){return this.callFunc(i,p,n,2,this.execCommandCallback.arguments);},callFunc:function(ins,p,n,m,a){var l,i,on,o,s,v;s=m==2;l=tinyMCE.getParam(p,'');if(l!=''&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(typeof(l)=="function"?l:eval(l),3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;if(ins!=null){for(i=0,l=ins.plugins;i<l.length;i++){o=tinyMCE.plugins[l[i]];if(o[n]&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(o[n],3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;}}l=tinyMCE.themes;for(on in l){o=l[on];if(o[n]&&(v=tinyMCE.evalFunc(o[n],3,a))==s&&m>0)return true;}return false;},xmlEncode:function(s){s=""+s;s=s.replace(\/&\/g,'&amp;');s=s.replace(new RegExp('"','g'),'&quot;');s=s.replace(\/\\'\/g,'&#39;');s=s.replace(\/<\/g,'&lt;');s=s.replace(\/>\/g,'&gt;');return s;},extend:function(p,np){var o={};o.parent=p;for(n in p)o[n]=p[n];for(n in np)o[n]=np[n];return o;},hideMenus:function(){var e=tinyMCE.lastSelectedMenuBtn;if(tinyMCE.lastMenu){tinyMCE.lastMenu.hide();tinyMCE.lastMenu=null;}if(e){tinyMCE.switchClass(e,tinyMCE.lastMenuBtnClass);tinyMCE.lastSelectedMenuBtn=null;}},explode:function(d,s){var ar=s.split(d),oar=new Array(),i;for(i=0;i<ar.length;i++){if(ar[i]!="")oar[oar.length]=ar[i];}return oar;}};var TinyMCE=TinyMCE_Engine;var tinyMCE=new TinyMCE_Engine();var tinyMCELang={};function TinyMCE_Control(settings){var t,i,to,fu,p,x,fn,fu,pn,s=settings;this.undoRedoLevel=true;this.isTinyMCE_Control=true;this.settings=s;this.settings['theme']=tinyMCE.getParam("theme","default");this.settings['width']=tinyMCE.getParam("width",-1);this.settings['height']=tinyMCE.getParam("height",-1);this.selection=new TinyMCE_Selection(this);this.undoRedo=new TinyMCE_UndoRedo(this);this.cleanup=new TinyMCE_Cleanup();this.shortcuts=new Array();this.hasMouseMoved=false;this.cleanup.init({valid_elements:s.valid_elements,extended_valid_elements:s.extended_valid_elements,entities:s.entities,entity_encoding:s.entity_encoding,debug:s.cleanup_debug,url_converter:'TinyMCE_Cleanup.prototype._urlConverter',indent:s.apply_source_formatting,invalid_elements:s.invalid_elements,verify_html:s.verify_html,fix_content_duplication:s.fix_content_duplication});t=this.settings['theme'];if(!tinyMCE.hasTheme(t)){fn=tinyMCE.callbacks;to={};for(i=0;i<fn.length;i++){if((fu=window['TinyMCE_'+t+"_"+fn[i]]))to[fn[i]]=fu;}tinyMCE.addTheme(t,to);}this.plugins=new Array();p=tinyMCE.getParam('plugins','',true,',');if(p.length>0){for(i=0;i<p.length;i++){pn=p[i];if(pn.charAt(0)=='-')pn=pn.substring(1);if(!tinyMCE.hasPlugin(pn)){fn=tinyMCE.callbacks;to={};for(x=0;x<fn.length;x++){if((fu=window['TinyMCE_'+pn+"_"+fn[x]]))to[fn[x]]=fu;}tinyMCE.addPlugin(pn,to);}this.plugins[this.plugins.length]=pn;}}};TinyMCE_Control.prototype={hasPlugin:function(n){var i;for(i=0;i<this.plugins.length;i++){if(this.plugins[i]==n)return true;}return false;},addPlugin:function(n,p){if(!this.hasPlugin(n)){tinyMCE.addPlugin(n,p);this.plugins[this.plugins.length]=n;}},repaint:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return;try{var s=this.selection;var b=s.getBookmark(true);this.getBody().style.display='none';this.getDoc().execCommand('selectall',false,null);this.getSel().collapseToStart();this.getBody().style.display='block';s.moveToBookmark(b);}catch(ex){}},switchSettings:function(){if(tinyMCE.configs.length>1&&tinyMCE.currentConfig!=this.settings['index']){tinyMCE.settings=this.settings;tinyMCE.currentConfig=this.settings['index'];}},getBody:function(){return this.getDoc().body;},getDoc:function(){return this.contentWindow.document;},getWin:function(){return this.contentWindow;},addShortcut:function(m,k,d,cmd,ui,va){var n=typeof(k)=="number",ie=tinyMCE.isMSIE,c,sc,i;var scl=this.shortcuts;if(!tinyMCE.getParam('custom_shortcuts'))return false;m=m.toLowerCase();k=ie&&!n?k.toUpperCase():k;c=n?null:k.charCodeAt(0);d=d&&d.indexOf('lang_')==0?tinyMCE.getLang(d):d;sc={alt:m.indexOf('alt')!=-1,ctrl:m.indexOf('ctrl')!=-1,shift:m.indexOf('shift')!=-1,charCode:c,keyCode:n?k:(ie?c:null),desc:d,cmd:cmd,ui:ui,val:va};for(i=0;i<scl.length;i++){if(sc.alt==scl[i].alt&&sc.ctrl==scl[i].ctrl&&sc.shift==scl[i].shift&&sc.charCode==scl[i].charCode&&sc.keyCode==scl[i].keyCode){return false;}}scl[scl.length]=sc;return true;},handleShortcut:function(e){var i,s=this.shortcuts,o;for(i=0;i<s.length;i++){o=s[i];if(o.alt==e.altKey&&o.ctrl==e.ctrlKey&&(o.keyCode==e.keyCode||o.charCode==e.charCode)){if(o.cmd&&(e.type=="keydown"||(e.type=="keypress"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)))tinyMCE.execCommand(o.cmd,o.ui,o.val);tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return true;}}return false;},autoResetDesignMode:function(){if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&this.isHidden()&&tinyMCE.getParam('auto_reset_designmode'))eval('try { this.getDoc().designMode = "On"; } catch(e) {}');},isHidden:function(){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)return false;var s=this.getSel();return(!s||!s.rangeCount||s.rangeCount==0);},isDirty:function(){return this.startContent!=tinyMCE.trim(this.getBody().innerHTML)&&!tinyMCE.isNotDirty;},_mergeElements:function(scmd,pa,ch,override){if(scmd=="removeformat"){pa.className="";pa.style.cssText="";ch.className="";ch.style.cssText="";return;}var st=tinyMCE.parseStyle(tinyMCE.getAttrib(pa,"style"));var stc=tinyMCE.parseStyle(tinyMCE.getAttrib(ch,"style"));var className=tinyMCE.getAttrib(pa,"class");className+=" "+tinyMCE.getAttrib(ch,"class");if(override){for(var n in st){if(typeof(st[n])=='function')continue;stc[n]=st[n];}}else{for(var n in stc){if(typeof(stc[n])=='function')continue;st[n]=stc[n];}}tinyMCE.setAttrib(pa,"style",tinyMCE.serializeStyle(st));tinyMCE.setAttrib(pa,"class",tinyMCE.trim(className));ch.className="";ch.style.cssText="";ch.removeAttribute("class");ch.removeAttribute("style");},_setUseCSS:function(b){var d=this.getDoc();try{d.execCommand("useCSS",false,!b);}catch(ex){}try{d.execCommand("styleWithCSS",false,b);}catch(ex){}if(!tinyMCE.getParam("table_inline_editing"))try{d.execCommand('enableInlineTableEditing',false,"false");}catch(ex){}if(!tinyMCE.getParam("object_resizing"))try{d.execCommand('enableObjectResizing',false,"false");}catch(ex){}},execCommand:function(command,user_interface,value){var doc=this.getDoc();var win=this.getWin();var focusElm=this.getFocusElement();if(!new RegExp('mceStartTyping|mceEndTyping|mceBeginUndoLevel|mceEndUndoLevel|mceAddUndoLevel','gi').test(command))this.undoBookmark=null;if(this.lastSafariSelection&&!new RegExp('mceStartTyping|mceEndTyping|mceBeginUndoLevel|mceEndUndoLevel|mceAddUndoLevel','gi').test(command)){this.selection.moveToBookmark(this.lastSafariSelection);tinyMCE.selectedElement=this.lastSafariSelectedElement;}if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!this.useCSS){this._setUseCSS(false);this.useCSS=true;}this.contentDocument=doc;if(tinyMCE.execCommandCallback(this,'execcommand_callback','execCommand',this.editorId,this.getBody(),command,user_interface,value))return;if(focusElm&&focusElm.nodeName=="IMG"){var align=focusElm.getAttribute('align');var img=command=="JustifyCenter"?focusElm.cloneNode(false):focusElm;switch(command){case"JustifyLeft":if(align=='left')img.removeAttribute('align');else img.setAttribute('align','left');var div=focusElm.parentNode;if(div&&div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;case"JustifyCenter":img.removeAttribute('align');var div=tinyMCE.getParentElement(focusElm,"div");if(div&&div.style.textAlign=="center"){if(div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);}else{var div=this.getDoc().createElement("div");div.style.textAlign='center';div.appendChild(img);focusElm.parentNode.replaceChild(div,focusElm);}this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;case"JustifyRight":if(align=='right')img.removeAttribute('align');else img.setAttribute('align','right');var div=focusElm.parentNode;if(div&&div.nodeName=="DIV"&&div.childNodes.length==1&&div.parentNode)div.parentNode.replaceChild(img,div);this.selection.selectNode(img);this.repaint();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}if(tinyMCE.settings['force_br_newlines']){var alignValue="";if(doc.selection.type!="Control"){switch(command){case"JustifyLeft":alignValue="left";break;case"JustifyCenter":alignValue="center";break;case"JustifyFull":alignValue="justify";break;case"JustifyRight":alignValue="right";break;}if(alignValue!=""){var rng=doc.selection.createRange();if((divElm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.parentElement(),"div"))!=null)divElm.setAttribute("align",alignValue);else if(rng.pasteHTML&&rng.htmlText.length>0)rng.pasteHTML('<div align="'+alignValue+'">'+rng.htmlText+"<\/div>");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}}switch(command){case"mceRepaint":this.repaint();return true;case"InsertUnorderedList":case"InsertOrderedList":var tag=(command=="InsertUnorderedList")?"ul":"ol";if(tinyMCE.isSafari)this.execCommand("mceInsertContent",false,"<"+tag+"><li>&nbsp;<\/li><"+tag+">");else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"Strikethrough":if(tinyMCE.isSafari)this.execCommand("mceInsertContent",false,"<strike>"+this.selection.getSelectedHTML()+"<\/strike>");else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSelectNode":this.selection.selectNode(value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();tinyMCE.selectedNode=value;break;case"FormatBlock":if(value==null||value==""){var elm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"p,div,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address,blockquote,dt,dl,dd,samp");if(elm)this.execCommand("mceRemoveNode",false,elm);}else{if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&new RegExp('<(div|blockquote|code|dt|dd|dl|samp)>','gi').test(value))value=value.replace(\/[^a-z]\/gi,'');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&new RegExp('blockquote|code|samp','gi').test(value)){var b=this.selection.getBookmark();this.getDoc().execCommand("FormatBlock",false,'<p>');tinyMCE.renameElement(tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(this.getFocusElement()),value);this.selection.moveToBookmark(b);}else this.getDoc().execCommand("FormatBlock",false,value);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceRemoveNode":if(!value)value=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement());if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){value.outerHTML=value.innerHTML;}else{var rng=value.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(value);rng.setEndAfter(value);rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(rng.createContextualFragment(value.innerHTML));}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSelectNodeDepth":var parentNode=this.getFocusElement();for(var i=0;parentNode;i++){if(parentNode.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="body")break;if(parentNode.nodeName.toLowerCase()=="#text"){i--;parentNode=parentNode.parentNode;continue;}if(i==value){this.selection.selectNode(parentNode,false);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();tinyMCE.selectedNode=parentNode;return;}parentNode=parentNode.parentNode;}break;case"SetStyleInfo":var rng=this.getRng();var sel=this.getSel();var scmd=value['command'];var sname=value['name'];var svalue=value['value']==null?'':value['value'];var wrapper=value['wrapper']?value['wrapper']:"span";var parentElm=null;var invalidRe=new RegExp("^BODY|HTML$","g");var invalidParentsRe=tinyMCE.settings['merge_styles_invalid_parents']!=''?new RegExp(tinyMCE.settings['merge_styles_invalid_parents'],"gi"):null;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(rng.item)parentElm=rng.item(0);else{var pelm=rng.parentElement();var prng=doc.selection.createRange();prng.moveToElementText(pelm);if(rng.htmlText==prng.htmlText||rng.boundingWidth==0){if(invalidParentsRe==null||!invalidParentsRe.test(pelm.nodeName))parentElm=pelm;}}}else{var felm=this.getFocusElement();if(sel.isCollapsed||(new RegExp('td|tr|tbody|table','gi').test(felm.nodeName)&&sel.anchorNode==felm.parentNode))parentElm=felm;}if(parentElm&&!invalidRe.test(parentElm.nodeName)){if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(parentElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(parentElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="removeformat"){parentElm.style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(parentElm,'class','');}var ch=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(parentElm,new Array(),1);for(var z=0;z<ch.length;z++){if(ch[z]==parentElm)continue;if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="removeformat"){ch[z].style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],'class','');}}}else{this._setUseCSS(false);doc.execCommand("FontName",false,"#mce_temp_font#");var elementArray=tinyMCE.getElementsByAttributeValue(this.getBody(),"font","face","#mce_temp_font#");for(var x=0;x<elementArray.length;x++){elm=elementArray[x];if(elm){var spanElm=doc.createElement(wrapper);if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(spanElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(spanElm,sname,svalue);if(scmd=="removeformat"){spanElm.style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(spanElm,'class','');}if(elm.hasChildNodes()){for(var i=0;i<elm.childNodes.length;i++)spanElm.appendChild(elm.childNodes[i].cloneNode(true));}spanElm.setAttribute("mce_new","true");elm.parentNode.replaceChild(spanElm,elm);var ch=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(spanElm,new Array(),1);for(var z=0;z<ch.length;z++){if(ch[z]==spanElm)continue;if(scmd=="setstyle")tinyMCE.setStyleAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="setattrib")tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],sname,'');if(scmd=="removeformat"){ch[z].style.cssText='';tinyMCE.setAttrib(ch[z],'class','');}}}}}var nodes=doc.getElementsByTagName(wrapper);for(var i=nodes.length-1;i>=0;i--){var elm=nodes[i];var isNew=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elm,"mce_new")=="true";elm.removeAttribute("mce_new");if(elm.childNodes&&elm.childNodes.length==1&&elm.childNodes[0].nodeType==1){this._mergeElements(scmd,elm,elm.childNodes[0],isNew);continue;}if(elm.parentNode.childNodes.length==1&&!invalidRe.test(elm.nodeName)&&!invalidRe.test(elm.parentNode.nodeName)){if(invalidParentsRe==null||!invalidParentsRe.test(elm.parentNode.nodeName))this._mergeElements(scmd,elm.parentNode,elm,false);}}var nodes=doc.getElementsByTagName(wrapper);for(var i=nodes.length-1;i>=0;i--){var elm=nodes[i];var isEmpty=true;var tmp=doc.createElement("body");tmp.appendChild(elm.cloneNode(false));tmp.innerHTML=tmp.innerHTML.replace(new RegExp('style=""|class=""','gi'),'');if(new RegExp('<span>','gi').test(tmp.innerHTML)){for(var x=0;x<elm.childNodes.length;x++){if(elm.parentNode!=null)elm.parentNode.insertBefore(elm.childNodes[x].cloneNode(true),elm);}elm.parentNode.removeChild(elm);}}if(scmd=="removeformat")tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"FontName":if(value==null){var s=this.getSel();if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&s.isCollapsed){var f=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"font");if(f!=null)this.selection.selectNode(f,false);}this.getDoc().execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);if(f!=null&&tinyMCE.isGecko){var r=this.getRng().cloneRange();r.collapse(true);s.removeAllRanges();s.addRange(r);}}else this.getDoc().execCommand('FontName',false,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);return;case"FontSize":this.getDoc().execCommand('FontSize',false,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);return;case"forecolor":this.getDoc().execCommand('forecolor',false,value);break;case"HiliteColor":if(tinyMCE.isGecko){this._setUseCSS(true);this.getDoc().execCommand('hilitecolor',false,value);this._setUseCSS(false);}else this.getDoc().execCommand('BackColor',false,value);break;case"Cut":case"Copy":case"Paste":var cmdFailed=false;eval('try {this.getDoc().execCommand(command, user_interface, value);} catch (e) {cmdFailed = true;}');if(tinyMCE.isOpera&&cmdFailed)alert('Currently not supported by your browser, use keyboard shortcuts instead.');if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&cmdFailed){if(confirm(tinyMCE.entityDecode(tinyMCE.getLang('lang_clipboard_msg'))))window.open('http:\/\/www.mozilla.org\/editor\/midasdemo\/securityprefs.html','mceExternal');return;}else tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSetContent":if(!value)value="";value=tinyMCE.storeAwayURLs(value);value=tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"insert_to_editor",value);tinyMCE._setHTML(doc,value);tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(doc.body,tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,doc,tinyMCE.settings,doc.body));tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(doc.body);tinyMCE._removeInternal(this.getBody());if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(doc.body,true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(doc.body,false);return true;case"mceCleanup":var b=this.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE._setHTML(this.contentDocument,this.getBody().innerHTML);tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(this.getBody(),tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,this.contentDocument,this.settings,this.getBody(),this.visualAid));tinyMCE.convertAllRelativeURLs(doc.body);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(doc);tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(this.getBody(),false);this.repaint();this.selection.moveToBookmark(b);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceReplaceContent":if(!value)value='';this.getWin().focus();var selectedText="";if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){var rng=doc.selection.createRange();selectedText=rng.text;}else selectedText=this.getSel().toString();if(selectedText.length>0){value=tinyMCE.replaceVar(value,"selection",selectedText);tinyMCE.execCommand('mceInsertContent',false,value);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceSetAttribute":if(typeof(value)=='object'){var targetElms=(typeof(value['targets'])=="undefined")?"p,img,span,div,td,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address":value['targets'];var targetNode=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),targetElms);if(targetNode){targetNode.setAttribute(value['name'],value['value']);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}}break;case"mceSetCSSClass":this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"setattrib",name:"class",value:value});break;case"mceInsertRawHTML":var key='tiny_mce_marker';this.execCommand('mceBeginUndoLevel');this.execCommand('mceInsertContent',false,key);var scrollX=this.getDoc().body.scrollLeft+this.getDoc().documentElement.scrollLeft;var scrollY=this.getDoc().body.scrollTop+this.getDoc().documentElement.scrollTop;var html=this.getBody().innerHTML;if((pos=html.indexOf(key))!=-1)tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(this.getBody(),html.substring(0,pos)+value+html.substring(pos+key.length));this.contentWindow.scrollTo(scrollX,scrollY);this.execCommand('mceEndUndoLevel');break;case"mceInsertContent":if(!value)value='';var insertHTMLFailed=false;this.getWin().focus();if(tinyMCE.isGecko||tinyMCE.isOpera){try{if(value.indexOf('<')==-1&&!value.match(\/(&#38;|&#160;|&#60;|&#62;)\/g)){var r=this.getRng();var n=this.getDoc().createTextNode(tinyMCE.entityDecode(value));var s=this.getSel();var r2=r.cloneRange();s.removeAllRanges();r.deleteContents();r.insertNode(n);r2.selectNode(n);r2.collapse(false);s.removeAllRanges();s.addRange(r2);}else{value=tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(1,this.getDoc(),value);this.getDoc().execCommand('inserthtml',false,value);tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,this.getDoc(),value);}}catch(ex){insertHTMLFailed=true;}if(!insertHTMLFailed){tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return;}}if(tinyMCE.isOpera&&insertHTMLFailed){this.getDoc().execCommand("insertimage",false,tinyMCE.uniqueURL);var ar=tinyMCE.getElementsByAttributeValue(this.getBody(),"img","src",tinyMCE.uniqueURL);ar[0].outerHTML=value;return;}if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){var isHTML=value.indexOf('<')!=-1;var sel=this.getSel();var rng=this.getRng();if(isHTML){if(tinyMCE.isSafari){var tmpRng=this.getDoc().createRange();tmpRng.setStart(this.getBody(),0);tmpRng.setEnd(this.getBody(),0);value=tmpRng.createContextualFragment(value);}else value=rng.createContextualFragment(value);}else{var el=document.createElement("div");el.innerHTML=value;value=el.firstChild.nodeValue;value=doc.createTextNode(value);}if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&!isHTML){this.execCommand('InsertText',false,value.nodeValue);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return true;}else if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&isHTML){rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();return true;}rng.deleteContents();if(rng.startContainer.nodeType==3){var node=rng.startContainer.splitText(rng.startOffset);node.parentNode.insertBefore(value,node);}else rng.insertNode(value);if(!isHTML){sel.selectAllChildren(doc.body);sel.removeAllRanges();var rng=doc.createRange();rng.selectNode(value);rng.collapse(false);sel.addRange(rng);}else rng.collapse(false);tinyMCE.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,this.getDoc(),value);}else{var rng=doc.selection.createRange();var c=value.indexOf('<!--')!=-1;if(c)value=tinyMCE.uniqueTag+value;if(rng.item)rng.item(0).outerHTML=value;else rng.pasteHTML(value);if(c){var e=this.getDoc().getElementById('mceTMPElement');e.parentNode.removeChild(e);}}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"mceStartTyping":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex==-1){this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex=this.undoRedo.undoIndex;this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');}break;case"mceEndTyping":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex!=-1){this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');this.undoRedo.typingUndoIndex=-1;}break;case"mceBeginUndoLevel":this.undoRedoLevel=false;break;case"mceEndUndoLevel":this.undoRedoLevel=true;this.execCommand('mceAddUndoLevel');break;case"mceAddUndoLevel":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']&&this.undoRedoLevel){if(this.undoRedo.add())tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);}break;case"Undo":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");this.undoRedo.undo();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);break;case"Redo":if(tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo']){tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");this.undoRedo.redo();tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}else this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);break;case"mceToggleVisualAid":this.visualAid=!this.visualAid;tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,this.visualAid,this);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;case"Indent":this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){var n=tinyMCE.getParentElement(this.getFocusElement(),"blockquote");do{if(n&&n.nodeName=="BLOCKQUOTE"){n.removeAttribute("dir");n.removeAttribute("style");}}while(n!=null&&(n=n.parentNode)!=null);}break;case"removeformat":var text=this.selection.getSelectedText();if(tinyMCE.isOpera){this.getDoc().execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);return;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){try{var rng=doc.selection.createRange();rng.execCommand("RemoveFormat",false,null);}catch(e){}this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"removeformat"});}else{this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);this.execCommand("SetStyleInfo",false,{command:"removeformat"});}if(text.length==0)this.execCommand("mceSetCSSClass",false,"");tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();break;default:this.getDoc().execCommand(command,user_interface,value);if(tinyMCE.isGecko)window.setTimeout('tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange(false);',1);else tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}if(command!="mceAddUndoLevel"&&command!="Undo"&&command!="Redo"&&command!="mceStartTyping"&&command!="mceEndTyping")tinyMCE.execCommand("mceAddUndoLevel");},queryCommandValue:function(c){try{return this.getDoc().queryCommandValue(c);}catch(e){return null;}},queryCommandState:function(c){return this.getDoc().queryCommandState(c);},_onAdd:function(replace_element,form_element_name,target_document){var hc,th,to,editorTemplate;th=this.settings['theme'];to=tinyMCE.themes[th];var targetDoc=target_document?target_document:document;this.targetDoc=targetDoc;tinyMCE.themeURL=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/themes\/"+this.settings['theme'];this.settings['themeurl']=tinyMCE.themeURL;if(!replace_element){alert("Error: Could not find the target element.");return false;}if(to.getEditorTemplate)editorTemplate=to.getEditorTemplate(this.settings,this.editorId);var deltaWidth=editorTemplate['delta_width']?editorTemplate['delta_width']:0;var deltaHeight=editorTemplate['delta_height']?editorTemplate['delta_height']:0;var html='<span id="'+this.editorId+'_parent" class="mceEditorContainer">'+editorTemplate['html'];html=tinyMCE.replaceVar(html,"editor_id",this.editorId);this.settings['default_document']=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";this.settings['old_width']=this.settings['width'];this.settings['old_height']=this.settings['height'];if(this.settings['width']==-1)this.settings['width']=replace_element.offsetWidth;if(this.settings['height']==-1)this.settings['height']=replace_element.offsetHeight;if(this.settings['width']==0)this.settings['width']=replace_element.style.width;if(this.settings['height']==0)this.settings['height']=replace_element.style.height;if(this.settings['width']==0)this.settings['width']=320;if(this.settings['height']==0)this.settings['height']=240;this.settings['area_width']=parseInt(this.settings['width']);this.settings['area_height']=parseInt(this.settings['height']);this.settings['area_width']+=deltaWidth;this.settings['area_height']+=deltaHeight;if((""+this.settings['width']).indexOf('%')!=-1)this.settings['area_width']="100%";if((""+this.settings['height']).indexOf('%')!=-1)this.settings['area_height']="100%";if((""+replace_element.style.width).indexOf('%')!=-1){this.settings['width']=replace_element.style.width;this.settings['area_width']="100%";}if((""+replace_element.style.height).indexOf('%')!=-1){this.settings['height']=replace_element.style.height;this.settings['area_height']="100%";}html=tinyMCE.applyTemplate(html);this.settings['width']=this.settings['old_width'];this.settings['height']=this.settings['old_height'];this.visualAid=this.settings['visual'];this.formTargetElementId=form_element_name;if(replace_element.nodeName=="TEXTAREA"||replace_element.nodeName=="INPUT")this.startContent=replace_element.value;else this.startContent=replace_element.innerHTML;if(replace_element.nodeName!="TEXTAREA"&&replace_element.nodeName!="INPUT"){this.oldTargetElement=replace_element;if(tinyMCE.settings['debug']){hc='<textarea wrap="off" id="'+form_element_name+'" name="'+form_element_name+'" cols="100" rows="15"><\/textarea>';}else{hc='<input type="hidden" id="'+form_element_name+'" name="'+form_element_name+'" \/>';this.oldTargetElement.style.display="none";}html+='<\/span>';if(tinyMCE.isGecko)html=hc+html;else html+=hc;if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var rng=replace_element.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(replace_element);var fragment=rng.createContextualFragment(html);tinyMCE.insertAfter(fragment,replace_element);}else replace_element.insertAdjacentHTML("beforeBegin",html);}else{html+='<\/span>';this.oldTargetElement=replace_element;if(!tinyMCE.settings['debug'])this.oldTargetElement.style.display="none";if(tinyMCE.isGecko){var rng=replace_element.ownerDocument.createRange();rng.setStartBefore(replace_element);var fragment=rng.createContextualFragment(html);tinyMCE.insertAfter(fragment,replace_element);}else replace_element.insertAdjacentHTML("beforeBegin",html);}var dynamicIFrame=false;var tElm=targetDoc.getElementById(this.editorId);if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(tElm&&(tElm.nodeName=="SPAN"||tElm.nodeName=="span")){tElm=tinyMCE._createIFrame(tElm,targetDoc);dynamicIFrame=true;}this.targetElement=tElm;this.iframeElement=tElm;this.contentDocument=tElm.contentDocument;this.contentWindow=tElm.contentWindow;}else{if(tElm&&tElm.nodeName=="SPAN")tElm=tinyMCE._createIFrame(tElm,targetDoc,targetDoc.parentWindow);else tElm=targetDoc.frames[this.editorId];this.targetElement=tElm;this.iframeElement=targetDoc.getElementById(this.editorId);if(tinyMCE.isOpera){this.contentDocument=this.iframeElement.contentDocument;this.contentWindow=this.iframeElement.contentWindow;dynamicIFrame=true;}else{this.contentDocument=tElm.window.document;this.contentWindow=tElm.window;}this.getDoc().designMode="on";}var doc=this.contentDocument;if(dynamicIFrame){var html=tinyMCE.getParam('doctype')+'<html><head xmlns="http:\/\/www.w3.org\/1999\/xhtml"><base href="'+tinyMCE.settings['base_href']+'" \/><title>blank_page<\/title><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text\/html; charset=UTF-8"><\/head><body class="mceContentBody"><\/body><\/html>';try{if(!this.isHidden())this.getDoc().designMode="on";doc.open();doc.write(html);doc.close();}catch(e){this.getDoc().location.href=tinyMCE.baseURL+"\/blank.htm";}}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)window.setTimeout("tinyMCE.addEventHandlers(tinyMCE.instances[\\""+this.editorId+"\\"]);",1);tinyMCE.setupContent(this.editorId,true);return true;},setBaseHREF:function(u){var h,b,d,nl;d=this.getDoc();nl=d.getElementsByTagName("base");b=nl.length>0?nl[0]:null;if(!b){nl=d.getElementsByTagName("head");h=nl.length>0?nl[0]:null;b=d.createElement("base");b.setAttribute('href',u);h.appendChild(b);}else{if(u==""||u==null)b.parentNode.removeChild(b);else b.setAttribute('href',u);}},getFocusElement:function(){return this.selection.getFocusElement();},getSel:function(){return this.selection.getSel();},getRng:function(){return this.selection.getRng();},triggerSave:function(skip_cleanup,skip_callback){var e,nl=new Array(),i,s;this.switchSettings();s=tinyMCE.settings;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){e=this.iframeElement;do{if(e.style&&e.style.display=='none'){e.style.display='block';nl[nl.length]={elm:e,type:'style'};}if(e.style&&s.hidden_tab_class.length>0&&e.className.indexOf(s.hidden_tab_class)!=-1){e.className=s.display_tab_class;nl[nl.length]={elm:e,type:'class'};}}while((e=e.parentNode)!=null)}tinyMCE.settings['preformatted']=false;if(typeof(skip_cleanup)=="undefined")skip_cleanup=false;if(typeof(skip_callback)=="undefined")skip_callback=false;tinyMCE._setHTML(this.getDoc(),this.getBody().innerHTML);if(this.settings['cleanup']==false){tinyMCE.handleVisualAid(this.getBody(),true,false,this);tinyMCE._setEventsEnabled(this.getBody(),true);}tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"submit_content_dom",this.contentWindow.document.body);var htm=skip_cleanup?this.getBody().innerHTML:tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this,this.getDoc(),this.settings,this.getBody(),tinyMCE.visualAid,true,true);htm=tinyMCE._customCleanup(this,"submit_content",htm);if(!skip_callback&&tinyMCE.settings['save_callback']!="")var content=eval(tinyMCE.settings['save_callback']+"(this.formTargetElementId,htm,this.getBody());");if((typeof(content)!="undefined")&&content!=null)htm=content;htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#40;","(","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#41;",")","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#59;",";","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#34;","&quot;","gi");htm=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(htm,"&#94;","^","gi");if(this.formElement)this.formElement.value=htm;if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&this.formElement)this.formElement.innerText=htm;for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(nl[i].type=='style')nl[i].elm.style.display='none';else nl[i].elm.className=s.hidden_tab_class;}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cleanupHTMLCode=function(s){s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p \\\\\/>','gi'),'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p>\\\\s*<\\\\\/p>','gi'),'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<br>\\\\s*<\\\\\/br>','gi'),'<br \/>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<(h[1-6]|p|div|address|pre|form|table|li|ol|ul|td|b|font|em|strong|i|strike|u|span|a|ul|ol|li|blockquote)([a-z]*)([^\\\\\\\\|>]*)\\\\\/>','gi'),'<$1$2$3><\/$1$2>');s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\s+><\/','gi'),'><\/');s=s.replace(new RegExp('<(img|br|hr)([^>]*)><\\\\\/(img|br|hr)>','gi'),'<$1$2 \/>');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)s=s.replace(new RegExp('<p><hr \\\\\/><\\\\\/p>','gi'),"<hr>");if(tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls'))s=s.replace(new RegExp('(href=\\"{0,1})(\\\\s*#)','gi'),'$1'+tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']+"#");return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.parseStyle=function(str){var ar=new Array();if(str==null)return ar;var st=str.split(';');tinyMCE.clearArray(ar);for(var i=0;i<st.length;i++){if(st[i]=='')continue;var re=new RegExp('^\\\\s*([^:]*):\\\\s*(.*)\\\\s*$');var pa=st[i].replace(re,'$1||$2').split('||');if(pa.length==2)ar[pa[0].toLowerCase()]=pa[1];}return ar;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.compressStyle=function(ar,pr,sf,res){var box=new Array();box[0]=ar[pr+'-top'+sf];box[1]=ar[pr+'-left'+sf];box[2]=ar[pr+'-right'+sf];box[3]=ar[pr+'-bottom'+sf];for(var i=0;i<box.length;i++){if(box[i]==null)return;for(var a=0;a<box.length;a++){if(box[a]!=box[i])return;}}ar[res]=box[0];ar[pr+'-top'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-left'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-right'+sf]=null;ar[pr+'-bottom'+sf]=null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.serializeStyle=function(ar){var str="";tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","","border");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-width","border-width");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-color","border-color");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"border","-style","border-style");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"padding","","padding");tinyMCE.compressStyle(ar,"margin","","margin");for(var key in ar){var val=ar[key];if(typeof(val)=='function')continue;if(key.indexOf('mso-')==0)continue;if(val!=null&&val!=''){val=''+val;val=val.replace(new RegExp("url\\\\(\\\\'?([^\\\\']*)\\\\'?\\\\)",'gi'),"url('$1')");if(val.indexOf('url(')!=-1&&tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls')){var m=new RegExp("url\\\\('(.*?)'\\\\)").exec(val);if(m.length>1)val="url('"+eval(tinyMCE.getParam('urlconverter_callback')+"(m[1], null, true);")+"')";}if(tinyMCE.getParam("force_hex_style_colors"))val=tinyMCE.convertRGBToHex(val,true);if(val!="url('')")str+=key.toLowerCase()+": "+val+"; ";}}if(new RegExp('; $').test(str))str=str.substring(0,str.length-2);return str;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertRGBToHex=function(s,k){if(s.toLowerCase().indexOf('rgb')!=-1){var re=new RegExp("(.*?)rgb\\\\s*?\\\\(\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?,\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?,\\\\s*?([0-9]+).*?\\\\)(.*?)","gi");var rgb=s.replace(re,"$1,$2,$3,$4,$5").split(',');if(rgb.length==5){r=parseInt(rgb[1]).toString(16);g=parseInt(rgb[2]).toString(16);b=parseInt(rgb[3]).toString(16);r=r.length==1?'0'+r:r;g=g.length==1?'0'+g:g;b=b.length==1?'0'+b:b;s="#"+r+g+b;if(k)s=rgb[0]+s+rgb[4];}}return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertHexToRGB=function(s){if(s.indexOf('#')!=-1){s=s.replace(new RegExp('[^0-9A-F]','gi'),'');return"rgb("+parseInt(s.substring(0,2),16)+","+parseInt(s.substring(2,4),16)+","+parseInt(s.substring(4,6),16)+")";}return s;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertSpansToFonts=function(doc){var sizes=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_style_values').replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var h=doc.body.innerHTML;h=h.replace(\/<span\/gi,'<font');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/span\/gi,'<\/font');doc.body.innerHTML=h;var s=doc.getElementsByTagName("font");for(var i=0;i<s.length;i++){var size=tinyMCE.trim(s[i].style.fontSize).toLowerCase();var fSize=0;for(var x=0;x<sizes.length;x++){if(sizes[x]==size){fSize=x+1;break;}}if(fSize>0){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'size',fSize);s[i].style.fontSize='';}var fFace=s[i].style.fontFamily;if(fFace!=null&&fFace!=""){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'face',fFace);s[i].style.fontFamily='';}var fColor=s[i].style.color;if(fColor!=null&&fColor!=""){tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'color',tinyMCE.convertRGBToHex(fColor));s[i].style.color='';}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertFontsToSpans=function(doc){var sizes=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_style_values').replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');var h=doc.body.innerHTML;h=h.replace(\/<font\/gi,'<span');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/font\/gi,'<\/span');doc.body.innerHTML=h;var fsClasses=tinyMCE.getParam('font_size_classes');if(fsClasses!='')fsClasses=fsClasses.replace(\/\\s+\/,'').split(',');else fsClasses=null;var s=doc.getElementsByTagName("span");for(var i=0;i<s.length;i++){var fSize,fFace,fColor;fSize=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'size');fFace=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'face');fColor=tinyMCE.getAttrib(s[i],'color');if(fSize!=""){fSize=parseInt(fSize);if(fSize>0&&fSize<8){if(fsClasses!=null)tinyMCE.setAttrib(s[i],'class',fsClasses[fSize-1]);else s[i].style.fontSize=sizes[fSize-1];}s[i].removeAttribute('size');}if(fFace!=""){s[i].style.fontFamily=fFace;s[i].removeAttribute('face');}if(fColor!=""){s[i].style.color=fColor;s[i].removeAttribute('color');}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cleanupAnchors=function(doc){var i,cn,x,an=doc.getElementsByTagName("a");for(i=an.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(an[i],"name")!=""&&tinyMCE.getAttrib(an[i],"href")==""){cn=an[i].childNodes;for(x=cn.length-1;x>=0;x--)tinyMCE.insertAfter(cn[x],an[i]);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getContent=function(editor_id){var h;if(typeof(editor_id)!="undefined")tinyMCE.selectedInstance=tinyMCE.getInstanceById(editor_id);if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){h=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(this.selectedInstance,this.selectedInstance.getDoc(),tinyMCE.settings,this.selectedInstance.getBody(),false,true);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(this.selectedInstance.getDoc());return h;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._fixListElements=function(d){var nl,x,a=['ol','ul'],i,n,p,r=new RegExp('^(OL|UL)$'),np;for(x=0;x<a.length;x++){nl=d.getElementsByTagName(a[x]);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){n=nl[i];p=n.parentNode;if(r.test(p.nodeName)){np=tinyMCE.prevNode(n,'LI');if(!np){np=d.createElement('li');np.innerHTML='&nbsp;';np.appendChild(n);p.insertBefore(np,p.firstChild);}else np.appendChild(n);}}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._fixTables=function(d){var nl,i,n,p,np,x,t;nl=d.getElementsByTagName('table');for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){n=nl[i];if((p=tinyMCE.getParentElement(n,'p,div,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6'))!=null){np=p.cloneNode(false);np.removeAttribute('id');t=n;while((n=n.nextSibling))np.appendChild(n);tinyMCE.insertAfter(np,p);tinyMCE.insertAfter(t,p);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._cleanupHTML=function(inst,doc,config,elm,visual,on_save,on_submit){var h,d,t1,t2,t3,t4,t5,c,s;if(!tinyMCE.getParam('cleanup'))return elm.innerHTML;on_save=typeof(on_save)=='undefined'?false:on_save;c=inst.cleanup;s=inst.settings;d=c.settings.debug;if(d)t1=new Date().getTime();if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertFontsToSpans(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("fix_list_elements"))tinyMCE._fixListElements(doc);if(tinyMCE.getParam("fix_table_elements"))tinyMCE._fixTables(doc);tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,on_save?"get_from_editor_dom":"insert_to_editor_dom",doc.body);if(d)t2=new Date().getTime();c.settings.on_save=on_save;c.idCount=0;c.serializationId++;c.serializedNodes=new Array();c.sourceIndex=-1;if(s.cleanup_serializer=="xml")h=c.serializeNodeAsXML(elm);else h=c.serializeNodeAsHTML(elm);if(d)t3=new Date().getTime();h=h.replace(\/<\\\/?(body|head|html)[^>]*>\/gi,'');h=h.replace(new RegExp(' (rowspan="1"|colspan="1")','g'),'');h=h.replace(\/<p><hr \\\/><\\\/p>\/g,'<hr \/>');h=h.replace(\/<p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p><hr \\\/><p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p>\/g,'<hr \/>');h=h.replace(\/<td>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/td>\/g,'<td>&nbsp;<\/td>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*(&nbsp;|&#160;)\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*&nbsp;\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p>&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(new RegExp('<a>(.*?)<\\\\\/a>','g'),'$1');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s*<\\\/p>\/g,'<p$1>&nbsp;<\/p>');if(\/^\\s*(<br \\\/>|<p>&nbsp;<\\\/p>|<p>&#160;<\\\/p>|<p><\\\/p>)\\s*$\/.test(h))h='';if(s.preformatted){h=h.replace(\/^<pre>\/,'');h=h.replace(\/<\\\/pre>$\/,'');h='<pre>'+h+'<\/pre>';}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){h=h.replace(\/<o:p _moz-userdefined="" \\\/>\/g,'');h=h.replace(\/<td([^>]*)>\\s*<br \\\/>\\s*<\\\/td>\/g,'<td$1>&nbsp;<\/td>');}if(s.force_br_newlines)h=h.replace(\/<p>(&nbsp;|&#160;)<\\\/p>\/g,'<br \/>');h=tinyMCE._customCleanup(inst,on_save?"get_from_editor":"insert_to_editor",h);if(on_save){h=h.replace(new RegExp(' ?(mceItem[a-zA-Z0-9]*|'+s.visual_table_class+')','g'),'');h=h.replace(new RegExp(' ?class=""','g'),'');}if(s.remove_linebreaks&&!c.settings.indent)h=h.replace(\/\\n|\\r\/g,' ');if(d)t4=new Date().getTime();if(on_save&&c.settings.indent)h=c.formatHTML(h);if(on_submit&&(s.encoding=="xml"||s.encoding=="html"))h=c.xmlEncode(h);if(d)t5=new Date().getTime();if(c.settings.debug)tinyMCE.debug("Cleanup in ms: Pre="+(t2-t1)+", Serialize: "+(t3-t2)+", Post: "+(t4-t3)+", Format: "+(t5-t4)+", Sum: "+(t5-t1)+".");return h;};function TinyMCE_Cleanup(){this.isMSIE=(navigator.appName=="Microsoft Internet Explorer");this.rules=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());this.settings={indent_elements:'head,table,tbody,thead,tfoot,form,tr,ul,ol,blockquote,object',newline_before_elements:'h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,pre,address,div,ul,ol,li,meta,option,area,title,link,base,script,td',newline_after_elements:'br,hr,p,pre,address,div,ul,ol,meta,option,area,link,base,script',newline_before_after_elements:'html,head,body,table,thead,tbody,tfoot,tr,form,ul,ol,blockquote,p,object,param,hr,div',indent_char:'\\t',indent_levels:1,entity_encoding:'raw',valid_elements:'*[*]',entities:'',url_converter:'',invalid_elements:'',verify_html:false};this.vElements=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());this.vElementsRe='';this.closeElementsRe=\/^(IMG|BR|HR|LINK|META|BASE|INPUT|BUTTON|AREA)$\/;this.codeElementsRe=\/^(SCRIPT|STYLE)$\/;this.serializationId=0;this.mceAttribs={href:'mce_href',src:'mce_src',type:'mce_type'};}TinyMCE_Cleanup.prototype={init:function(s){var n,a,i,ir,or,st;for(n in s)this.settings[n]=s[n];s=this.settings;this.inRe=this._arrayToRe(s.indent_elements.split(','),'','^<(',')[^>]*');this.ouRe=this._arrayToRe(s.indent_elements.split(','),'','^<\\\\\/(',')[^>]*');this.nlBeforeRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_before_elements.split(','),'gi','<(',')([^>]*)>');this.nlAfterRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_after_elements.split(','),'gi','<(',')([^>]*)>');this.nlBeforeAfterRe=this._arrayToRe(s.newline_before_after_elements.split(','),'gi','<(\\\\\/?)(',')([^>]*)>');if(s.invalid_elements!='')this.iveRe=this._arrayToRe(s.invalid_elements.toUpperCase().split(','),'g','^(',')$');else this.iveRe=null;st='';for(i=0;i<s.indent_levels;i++)st+=s.indent_char;this.inStr=st;if(!s.verify_html){s.valid_elements='*[*]';s.extended_valid_elements='';}this.fillStr=s.entity_encoding=="named"?"&nbsp;":"&#160;";this.idCount=0;},addRuleStr:function(s){var r=this.parseRuleStr(s);var n;for(n in r){if(r[n])this.rules[n]=r[n];}this.vElements=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());for(n in this.rules){if(this.rules[n])this.vElements[this.vElements.length]=this.rules[n].tag;}this.vElementsRe=this._arrayToRe(this.vElements,'');},parseRuleStr:function(s){var ta,p,r,a,i,x,px,t,tn,y,av,or=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array()),dv;if(s==null||s.length==0)return or;ta=s.split(',');for(x=0;x<ta.length;x++){s=ta[x];if(s.length==0)continue;p=this.split(\/\\[|\\]\/,s);if(p==null||p.length<1)t=s.toUpperCase();else t=p[0].toUpperCase();tn=this.split('\/',t);for(y=0;y<tn.length;y++){r={};r.tag=tn[y];r.forceAttribs=null;r.defaultAttribs=null;r.validAttribValues=null;px=r.tag.charAt(0);r.forceOpen=px=='+';r.removeEmpty=px=='-';r.fill=px=='#';r.tag=r.tag.replace(\/\\+|-|#\/g,'');r.oTagName=tn[0].replace(\/\\+|-|#\/g,'').toLowerCase();r.isWild=new RegExp('\\\\*|\\\\?|\\\\+','g').test(r.tag);r.validRe=new RegExp(this._wildcardToRe('^'+r.tag+'$'));if(p.length>1){r.vAttribsRe='^(';a=this.split(\/\\|\/,p[1]);for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){t=a[i];av=new RegExp('(=|:|<)(.*?)$').exec(t);t=t.replace(new RegExp('(=|:|<).*?$'),'');if(av&&av.length>0){if(av[0].charAt(0)==':'){if(!r.forceAttribs)r.forceAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.forceAttribs[t.toLowerCase()]=av[0].substring(1);}else if(av[0].charAt(0)=='='){if(!r.defaultAttribs)r.defaultAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());dv=av[0].substring(1);r.defaultAttribs[t.toLowerCase()]=dv==""?"mce_empty":dv;}else if(av[0].charAt(0)=='<'){if(!r.validAttribValues)r.validAttribValues=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.validAttribValues[t.toLowerCase()]=this._arrayToRe(this.split('?',av[0].substring(1)),'');}}r.vAttribsRe+=''+t.toLowerCase()+(i!=a.length-1?'|':'');a[i]=t.toLowerCase();}r.vAttribsRe+=')$';r.vAttribsRe=this._wildcardToRe(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribsReIsWild=new RegExp('\\\\*|\\\\?|\\\\+','g').test(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribsRe=new RegExp(r.vAttribsRe);r.vAttribs=a.reverse();}else{r.vAttribsRe='';r.vAttribs=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());r.vAttribsReIsWild=false;}or[r.tag]=r;}}return or;},serializeNodeAsXML:function(n){var s,b;if(!this.xmlDoc){if(this.isMSIE){try{this.xmlDoc=new ActiveXObject('MSXML2.DOMDocument');}catch(e){}if(!this.xmlDoc)try{this.xmlDoc=new ActiveXObject('Microsoft.XmlDom');}catch(e){}}else this.xmlDoc=document.implementation.createDocument('','',null);if(!this.xmlDoc)alert("Error XML Parser could not be found.");}if(this.xmlDoc.firstChild)this.xmlDoc.removeChild(this.xmlDoc.firstChild);b=this.xmlDoc.createElement("html");b=this.xmlDoc.appendChild(b);this._convertToXML(n,b);if(this.isMSIE)return this.xmlDoc.xml;else return new XMLSerializer().serializeToString(this.xmlDoc);},_convertToXML:function(n,xn){var xd,el,i,l,cn,at,no,hc=false;if(this._isDuplicate(n))return;xd=this.xmlDoc;switch(n.nodeType){case 1:hc=n.hasChildNodes();el=xd.createElement(n.nodeName.toLowerCase());at=n.attributes;for(i=at.length-1;i>-1;i--){no=at[i];if(no.specified&&no.nodeValue)el.setAttribute(no.nodeName.toLowerCase(),no.nodeValue);}if(!hc&&!this.closeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))el.appendChild(xd.createTextNode(""));xn=xn.appendChild(el);break;case 3:xn.appendChild(xd.createTextNode(n.nodeValue));return;case 8:xn.appendChild(xd.createComment(n.nodeValue));return;}if(hc){cn=n.childNodes;for(i=0,l=cn.length;i<l;i++)this._convertToXML(cn[i],xn);}},serializeNodeAsHTML:function(n){var en,no,h='',i,l,r,cn,va=false,f=false,at,hc;this._setupRules();if(this._isDuplicate(n))return'';switch(n.nodeType){case 1:hc=n.hasChildNodes();if((tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)&&n.nodeName.indexOf('\/')!=-1)break;if(this.vElementsRe.test(n.nodeName)&&(!this.iveRe||!this.iveRe.test(n.nodeName))){va=true;r=this.rules[n.nodeName];if(!r){at=this.rules;for(no in at){if(at[no]&&at[no].validRe.test(n.nodeName)){r=at[no];break;}}}en=r.isWild?n.nodeName.toLowerCase():r.oTagName;f=r.fill;if(r.removeEmpty&&!hc)return"";h+='<'+en;if(r.vAttribsReIsWild){at=n.attributes;for(i=at.length-1;i>-1;i--){no=at[i];if(no.specified&&r.vAttribsRe.test(no.nodeName))h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,no.nodeName);}}else{for(i=r.vAttribs.length-1;i>-1;i--)h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,r.vAttribs[i]);}if(!this.settings.on_save){at=this.mceAttribs;for(no in at){if(at[no])h+=this._serializeAttribute(n,r,at[no]);}}if(this.closeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))return h+' \/>';h+='>';if(this.isMSIE&&this.codeElementsRe.test(n.nodeName))h+=n.innerHTML;}break;case 3:if(n.parentNode&&this.codeElementsRe.test(n.parentNode.nodeName))return this.isMSIE?'':n.nodeValue;return this.xmlEncode(n.nodeValue);case 8:return"<!--"+this._trimComment(n.nodeValue)+"-->";}if(hc){cn=n.childNodes;for(i=0,l=cn.length;i<l;i++)h+=this.serializeNodeAsHTML(cn[i]);}if(f&&!hc)h+=this.fillStr;if(va)h+='<\/'+en+'>';return h;},_serializeAttribute:function(n,r,an){var av='',t,os=this.settings.on_save;if(os&&(an.indexOf('mce_')==0||an.indexOf('_moz')==0))return'';if(os&&this.mceAttribs[an])av=this._getAttrib(n,this.mceAttribs[an]);if(av.length==0)av=this._getAttrib(n,an);if(av.length==0&&r.defaultAttribs&&(t=r.defaultAttribs[an])){av=t;if(av=="mce_empty")return" "+an+'=""';}if(r.forceAttribs&&(t=r.forceAttribs[an]))av=t;if(os&&av.length!=0&&this.settings.url_converter.length!=0&&\/^(src|href|longdesc)$\/.test(an))av=eval(this.settings.url_converter+'(this, n, av)');if(av.length!=0&&r.validAttribValues&&r.validAttribValues[an]&&!r.validAttribValues[an].test(av))return"";if(av.length!=0&&av=="{$uid}")av="uid_"+(this.idCount++);if(av.length!=0)return" "+an+"="+'"'+this.xmlEncode(av)+'"';return"";},formatHTML:function(h){var s=this.settings,p='',i=0,li=0,o='',l;h=h.replace(\/\\r\/g,'');h='\\n'+h;h=h.replace(new RegExp('\\\\n\\\\s+','gi'),'\\n');h=h.replace(this.nlBeforeRe,'\\n<$1$2>');h=h.replace(this.nlAfterRe,'<$1$2>\\n');h=h.replace(this.nlBeforeAfterRe,'\\n<$1$2$3>\\n');h+='\\n';while((i=h.indexOf('\\n',i+1))!=-1){if((l=h.substring(li+1,i)).length!=0){if(this.ouRe.test(l)&&p.length>=s.indent_levels)p=p.substring(s.indent_levels);o+=p+l+'\\n';if(this.inRe.test(l))p+=this.inStr;}li=i;}return o;},xmlEncode:function(s){var i,l,e,o='',c;this._setupEntities();switch(this.settings.entity_encoding){case"raw":return tinyMCE.xmlEncode(s);case"named":for(i=0,l=s.length;i<l;i++){c=s.charCodeAt(i);e=this.entities[c];if(e&&e!='')o+='&'+e+';';else o+=String.fromCharCode(c);}return o;case"numeric":for(i=0,l=s.length;i<l;i++){c=s.charCodeAt(i);if(c>127||c==60||c==62||c==38||c==39||c==34)o+='&#'+c+";";else o+=String.fromCharCode(c);}return o;}return s;},split:function(re,s){var c=s.split(re);var i,l,o=new Array();for(i=0,l=c.length;i<l;i++){if(c[i]!='')o[i]=c[i];}return o;},_trimComment:function(s){s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_src=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");s=s.replace(new RegExp('\\\\smce_href=\\"[^\\"]*\\"','gi'),"");return s;},_getAttrib:function(e,n,d){if(typeof(d)=="undefined")d="";if(!e||e.nodeType!=1)return d;var v=e.getAttribute(n,0);if(n=="class"&&!v)v=e.className;if(this.isMSIE&&n=="http-equiv")v=e.httpEquiv;if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="FORM"&&n=="enctype"&&v=="application\/x-www-form-urlencoded")v="";if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="INPUT"&&n=="size"&&v=="20")v="";if(this.isMSIE&&e.nodeName=="INPUT"&&n=="maxlength"&&v=="2147483647")v="";if(n=="style"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)v=e.style.cssText;if(n=='style')v=tinyMCE.serializeStyle(tinyMCE.parseStyle(v));if(this.settings.on_save&&n.indexOf('on')!=-1&&this.settings.on_save&&v&&v!="")v=tinyMCE.cleanupEventStr(v);return(v&&v!="")?''+v:d;},_urlConverter:function(c,n,v){if(!c.settings.on_save)return tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings.base_href,v);else if(tinyMCE.getParam('convert_urls'))return eval(tinyMCE.settings.urlconverter_callback+"(v, n, true);");return v;},_arrayToRe:function(a,op,be,af){var i,r;op=typeof(op)=="undefined"?"gi":op;be=typeof(be)=="undefined"?"^(":be;af=typeof(af)=="undefined"?")$":af;r=be;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++)r+=this._wildcardToRe(a[i])+(i!=a.length-1?"|":"");r+=af;return new RegExp(r,op);},_wildcardToRe:function(s){s=s.replace(\/\\?\/g,'(\\\\S?)');s=s.replace(\/\\+\/g,'(\\\\S+)');s=s.replace(\/\\*\/g,'(\\\\S*)');return s;},_setupEntities:function(){var n,a,i,s=this.settings;if(!this.entitiesDone){if(s.entity_encoding=="named"){n=tinyMCE.clearArray(new Array());a=this.split(',',s.entities);for(i=0;i<a.length;i+=2)n[a[i]]=a[i+1];this.entities=n;}this.entitiesDone=true;}},_setupRules:function(){var s=this.settings;if(!this.rulesDone){this.addRuleStr(s.valid_elements);this.addRuleStr(s.extended_valid_elements);this.rulesDone=true;}},_isDuplicate:function(n){var i;if(!this.settings.fix_content_duplication)return false;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera&&n.nodeType==1){if(n.mce_serialized==this.serializationId)return true;n.setAttribute('mce_serialized',this.serializationId);}else{for(i=0;i<this.serializedNodes.length;i++){if(this.serializedNodes[i]==n)return true;}this.serializedNodes[this.serializedNodes.length]=n;}return false;}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getElementByAttributeValue=function(n,e,a,v){return(n=this.getElementsByAttributeValue(n,e,a,v)).length==0?null:n[0];};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getElementsByAttributeValue=function(n,e,a,v){var i,nl=n.getElementsByTagName(e),o=new Array();for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(tinyMCE.getAttrib(nl[i],a).indexOf(v)!=-1)o[o.length]=nl[i];}return o;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.isBlockElement=function(n){return n!=null&&n.nodeType==1&&this.blockRegExp.test(n.nodeName);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentBlockElement=function(n){while(n){if(this.isBlockElement(n))return n;n=n.parentNode;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.insertAfter=function(n,r){if(r.nextSibling)r.parentNode.insertBefore(n,r.nextSibling);else r.parentNode.appendChild(n);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setInnerHTML=function(e,h){var i,nl,n;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){h=h.replace(\/\\s\\\/>\/g,'>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\u00A0?<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s*&nbsp;\\s*<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');h=h.replace(\/<p([^>]*)>\\s+<\\\/p>\/gi,'<p$1 mce_keep="true">&nbsp;<\/p>');e.innerHTML=tinyMCE.uniqueTag+h;e.firstChild.removeNode(true);nl=e.getElementsByTagName("p");for(i=nl.length-1;i>=0;i--){n=nl[i];if(n.nodeName=='P'&&!n.hasChildNodes()&&!n.mce_keep)n.parentNode.removeChild(n);}}else{h=this.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(1,e,h);e.innerHTML=h;this.fixGeckoBaseHREFBug(2,e,h);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getOuterHTML=function(e){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE)return e.outerHTML;var d=e.ownerDocument.createElement("body");d.appendChild(e);return d.innerHTML;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setOuterHTML=function(e,h){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){e.outerHTML=h;return;}var d=e.ownerDocument.createElement("body");d.innerHTML=h;e.parentNode.replaceChild(d.firstChild,e);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._getElementById=function(id,d){var e,i,j,f;if(typeof(d)=="undefined")d=document;e=d.getElementById(id);if(!e){f=d.forms;for(i=0;i<f.length;i++){for(j=0;j<f[i].elements.length;j++){if(f[i].elements[j].name==id){e=f[i].elements[j];break;}}}}return e;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getNodeTree=function(n,na,t,nn){var i;if(typeof(t)=="undefined"||n.nodeType==t&&(typeof(nn)=="undefined"||n.nodeName==nn))na[na.length]=n;if(n.hasChildNodes()){for(i=0;i<n.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.getNodeTree(n.childNodes[i],na,t,nn);}return na;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentElement=function(node,names,attrib_name,attrib_value){if(typeof(names)=="undefined"){if(node.nodeType==1)return node;while((node=node.parentNode)!=null&&node.nodeType!=1);return node;}if(node==null)return null;var namesAr=names.toUpperCase().split(',');do{for(var i=0;i<namesAr.length;i++){if(node.nodeName==namesAr[i]||names=="*"){if(typeof(attrib_name)=="undefined")return node;else if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)){if(typeof(attrib_value)=="undefined"){if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)!="")return node;}else if(node.getAttribute(attrib_name)==attrib_value)return node;}}}}while((node=node.parentNode)!=null);return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getParentNode=function(n,f){while(n){if(f(n))return n;n=n.parentNode;}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getAttrib=function(elm,name,default_value){if(typeof(default_value)=="undefined")default_value="";if(!elm||elm.nodeType!=1)return default_value;var v=elm.getAttribute(name);if(name=="class"&&!v)v=elm.className;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&name=="src"&&elm.src!=null&&elm.src!="")v=elm.src;if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&name=="href"&&elm.href!=null&&elm.href!="")v=elm.href;if(name=="http-equiv"&&tinyMCE.isMSIE)v=elm.httpEquiv;if(name=="style"&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)v=elm.style.cssText;return(v&&v!="")?v:default_value;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setAttrib=function(element,name,value,fix_value){if(typeof(value)=="number"&&value!=null)value=""+value;if(fix_value){if(value==null)value="";var re=new RegExp('[^0-9%]','g');value=value.replace(re,'');}if(name=="style")element.style.cssText=value;if(name=="class")element.className=value;if(value!=null&&value!=""&&value!=-1)element.setAttribute(name,value);else element.removeAttribute(name);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.setStyleAttrib=function(elm,name,value){eval('elm.style.'+name+'=value;');if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&value==null||value==''){var str=tinyMCE.serializeStyle(tinyMCE.parseStyle(elm.style.cssText));elm.style.cssText=str;elm.setAttribute("style",str);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.switchClass=function(ei,c){var e;if(tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei])e=tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei];else e=tinyMCE.switchClassCache[ei]=document.getElementById(ei);if(e){if(tinyMCE.settings.button_tile_map&&e.className&&e.className.indexOf('mceTiledButton')==0)c='mceTiledButton '+c;e.className=c;}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.getAbsPosition=function(n){var p={absLeft:0,absTop:0};while(n){p.absLeft+=n.offsetLeft;p.absTop+=n.offsetTop;n=n.offsetParent;}return p;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.prevNode=function(e,n){var a=n.split(','),i;while((e=e.previousSibling)!=null){for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(e.nodeName==a[i])return e;}}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.nextNode=function(e,n){var a=n.split(','),i;while((e=e.nextSibling)!=null){for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(e.nodeName==a[i])return e;}}return null;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.selectNodes=function(n,f,a){var i;if(!a)a=new Array();if(f(n))a[a.length]=n;if(n.hasChildNodes()){for(i=0;i<n.childNodes.length;i++)tinyMCE.selectNodes(n.childNodes[i],f,a);}return a;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addCSSClass=function(e,c,b){var o=this.removeCSSClass(e,c);return e.className=b?c+(o!=''?(' '+o):''):(o!=''?(o+' '):'')+c;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.removeCSSClass=function(e,c){var a=this.explode(' ',e.className),i;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){if(a[i]==c)a[i]='';}return e.className=a.join(' ');};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.renameElement=function(e,n,d){var ne,i,ar;d=typeof(d)=="undefined"?tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getDoc():d;if(e){ne=d.createElement(n);ar=e.attributes;for(i=ar.length-1;i>-1;i--){if(ar[i].specified&&ar[i].nodeValue)ne.setAttribute(ar[i].nodeName.toLowerCase(),ar[i].nodeValue);}ar=e.childNodes;for(i=0;i<ar.length;i++)ne.appendChild(ar[i].cloneNode(true));e.parentNode.replaceChild(ne,e);}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.parseURL=function(url_str){var urlParts=new Array();if(url_str){var pos,lastPos;pos=url_str.indexOf(':\/\/');if(pos!=-1){urlParts['protocol']=url_str.substring(0,pos);lastPos=pos+3;}for(var i=lastPos;i<url_str.length;i++){var chr=url_str.charAt(i);if(chr==':')break;if(chr=='\/')break;}pos=i;urlParts['host']=url_str.substring(lastPos,pos);urlParts['port']="";lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)==':'){pos=url_str.indexOf('\/',lastPos);urlParts['port']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}lastPos=pos;pos=url_str.indexOf('?',lastPos);if(pos==-1)pos=url_str.indexOf('#',lastPos);if(pos==-1)pos=url_str.length;urlParts['path']=url_str.substring(lastPos,pos);lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)=='?'){pos=url_str.indexOf('#');pos=(pos==-1)?url_str.length:pos;urlParts['query']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}lastPos=pos;if(url_str.charAt(pos)=='#'){pos=url_str.length;urlParts['anchor']=url_str.substring(lastPos+1,pos);}}return urlParts;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.serializeURL=function(up){var o="";if(up['protocol'])o+=up['protocol']+":\/\/";if(up['host'])o+=up['host'];if(up['port'])o+=":"+up['port'];if(up['path'])o+=up['path'];if(up['query'])o+="?"+up['query'];if(up['anchor'])o+="#"+up['anchor'];return o;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL=function(base_url,url_to_relative){var baseURL=this.parseURL(base_url);var targetURL=this.parseURL(url_to_relative);var strTok1;var strTok2;var breakPoint=0;var outPath="";var forceSlash=false;if(targetURL.path=="")targetURL.path="\/";else forceSlash=true;base_url=baseURL.path.substring(0,baseURL.path.lastIndexOf('\/'));strTok1=base_url.split('\/');strTok2=targetURL.path.split('\/');if(strTok1.length>=strTok2.length){for(var i=0;i<strTok1.length;i++){if(i>=strTok2.length||strTok1[i]!=strTok2[i]){breakPoint=i+1;break;}}}if(strTok1.length<strTok2.length){for(var i=0;i<strTok2.length;i++){if(i>=strTok1.length||strTok1[i]!=strTok2[i]){breakPoint=i+1;break;}}}if(breakPoint==1)return targetURL.path;for(var i=0;i<(strTok1.length-(breakPoint-1));i++)outPath+="..\/";for(var i=breakPoint-1;i<strTok2.length;i++){if(i!=(breakPoint-1))outPath+="\/"+strTok2[i];else outPath+=strTok2[i];}targetURL.protocol=null;targetURL.host=null;targetURL.port=null;targetURL.path=outPath==""&&forceSlash?"\/":outPath;var fileName=baseURL.path;var pos;if((pos=fileName.lastIndexOf('\/'))!=-1)fileName=fileName.substring(pos+1);if(fileName==targetURL.path&&targetURL.anchor!="")targetURL.path="";if(targetURL.path==""&&!targetURL.anchor)targetURL.path=fileName!=""?fileName:"\/";return this.serializeURL(targetURL);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL=function(base_url,relative_url){var baseURL=this.parseURL(base_url);var relURL=this.parseURL(relative_url);if(relative_url==""||relative_url.charAt(0)=='\/'||relative_url.indexOf(':\/\/')!=-1||relative_url.indexOf('mailto:')!=-1||relative_url.indexOf('javascript:')!=-1)return relative_url;baseURLParts=baseURL['path'].split('\/');relURLParts=relURL['path'].split('\/');var newBaseURLParts=new Array();for(var i=baseURLParts.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(baseURLParts[i].length==0)continue;newBaseURLParts[newBaseURLParts.length]=baseURLParts[i];}baseURLParts=newBaseURLParts.reverse();var newRelURLParts=new Array();var numBack=0;for(var i=relURLParts.length-1;i>=0;i--){if(relURLParts[i].length==0||relURLParts[i]==".")continue;if(relURLParts[i]=='..'){numBack++;continue;}if(numBack>0){numBack--;continue;}newRelURLParts[newRelURLParts.length]=relURLParts[i];}relURLParts=newRelURLParts.reverse();var len=baseURLParts.length-numBack;var absPath=(len<=0?"":"\/")+baseURLParts.slice(0,len).join('\/')+"\/"+relURLParts.join('\/');var start="",end="";relURL.protocol=baseURL.protocol;relURL.host=baseURL.host;relURL.port=baseURL.port;if(relURL.path.charAt(relURL.path.length-1)=="\/")absPath+="\/";relURL.path=absPath;return this.serializeURL(relURL);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertURL=function(url,node,on_save){var prot=document.location.protocol;var host=document.location.hostname;var port=document.location.port;if(prot=="file:")return url;url=tinyMCE.regexpReplace(url,'(http|https):\/\/\/','\/');if(url.indexOf('mailto:')!=-1||url.indexOf('javascript:')!=-1||tinyMCE.regexpReplace(url,'[ \\t\\r\\n\\+]|%20','').charAt(0)=="#")return url;if(!tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!on_save&&url.indexOf(":\/\/")==-1&&url.charAt(0)!='\/')return tinyMCE.settings['base_href']+url;if(on_save&&tinyMCE.getParam('relative_urls')){var curl=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],url);if(curl.charAt(0)=='\/')curl=tinyMCE.settings['document_base_prefix']+curl;var urlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(curl);var tmpUrlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url']);if(urlParts['host']==tmpUrlParts['host']&&(urlParts['port']==tmpUrlParts['port']))return tinyMCE.convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL(tinyMCE.settings['document_base_url'],curl);}if(!tinyMCE.getParam('relative_urls')){var urlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(url);var baseUrlParts=tinyMCE.parseURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href']);url=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],url);if(urlParts['anchor']&&urlParts['path']==baseUrlParts['path'])return"#"+urlParts['anchor'];}if(tinyMCE.getParam('remove_script_host')){var start="",portPart="";if(port!="")portPart=":"+port;start=prot+"\/\/"+host+portPart+"\/";if(url.indexOf(start)==0)url=url.substring(start.length-1);}return url;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.convertAllRelativeURLs=function(body){var elms=body.getElementsByTagName("img");for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var src=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'src');var msrc=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'mce_src');if(msrc!="")src=msrc;if(src!=""){src=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],src);elms[i].setAttribute("src",src);}}var elms=body.getElementsByTagName("a");for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var href=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'href');var mhref=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],'mce_href');if(mhref!="")href=mhref;if(href&&href!=""){href=tinyMCE.convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL(tinyMCE.settings['base_href'],href);elms[i].setAttribute("href",href);}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.clearArray=function(a){for(var k in a)a[k]=null;return a;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._setEventsEnabled=function(node,state){var events=new Array('onfocus','onblur','onclick','ondblclick','onmousedown','onmouseup','onmouseover','onmousemove','onmouseout','onkeypress','onkeydown','onkeydown','onkeyup');var evs=tinyMCE.settings['event_elements'].split(',');for(var y=0;y<evs.length;y++){var elms=node.getElementsByTagName(evs[y]);for(var i=0;i<elms.length;i++){var event="";for(var x=0;x<events.length;x++){if((event=tinyMCE.getAttrib(elms[i],events[x]))!=''){event=tinyMCE.cleanupEventStr(""+event);if(!state)event="return true;"+event;else event=event.replace(\/^return true;\/gi,'');elms[i].removeAttribute(events[x]);elms[i].setAttribute(events[x],event);}}}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch=function(editor_id){var n,inst,win,e;if(typeof(tinyMCE)=="undefined")return true;try{if(tinyMCE.selectedInstance){win=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.getWin();if(win&&win.event){e=win.event;if(!e.target)e.target=e.srcElement;TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent(e);return;}}for(n in tinyMCE.instances){inst=tinyMCE.instances[n];if(!tinyMCE.isInstance(inst))continue;tinyMCE.selectedInstance=inst;win=inst.getWin();if(win&&win.event){e=win.event;if(!e.target)e.target=e.srcElement;TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.handleEvent(e);return;}}}catch(ex){}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.unloadHandler=function(){tinyMCE.triggerSave(true,true);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addEventHandlers=function(inst){var doc=inst.getDoc();inst.switchSettings();if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keypress",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keyup",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keydown",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mouseup",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mousedown",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"click",TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._eventPatch);}else{tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keypress",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keydown",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"keyup",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"click",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mouseup",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"mousedown",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"focus",tinyMCE.handleEvent);tinyMCE.addEvent(doc,"blur",tinyMCE.handleEvent);eval('try { doc.designMode = "On"; } catch(e) {}');}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.onMouseMove=function(){var inst;if(!tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved){inst=tinyMCE.selectedInstance;if(inst.isFocused){inst.undoBookmark=inst.selection.getBookmark();tinyMCE.hasMouseMoved=true;}}};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.cancelEvent=function(e){if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){e.returnValue=false;e.cancelBubble=true;}else e.preventDefault();};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addEvent=function(o,n,h){if(o.attachEvent)o.attachEvent("on"+n,h);else o.addEventListener(n,h,false);};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.addSelectAccessibility=function(e,s,w){if(!s._isAccessible){s.onkeydown=tinyMCE.accessibleEventHandler;s.onblur=tinyMCE.accessibleEventHandler;s._isAccessible=true;s._win=w;}return false;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.accessibleEventHandler=function(e){var win=this._win;e=tinyMCE.isMSIE?win.event:e;var elm=tinyMCE.isMSIE?e.srcElement:e.target;if(e.type=="blur"){if(elm.oldonchange){elm.onchange=elm.oldonchange;elm.oldonchange=null;}return true;}if(elm.nodeName=="SELECT"&&!elm.oldonchange){elm.oldonchange=elm.onchange;elm.onchange=null;}if(e.keyCode==13||e.keyCode==32){elm.onchange=elm.oldonchange;elm.onchange();elm.oldonchange=null;tinyMCE.cancelEvent(e);return false;}return true;};TinyMCE_Engine.prototype._resetIframeHeight=function(){var ife;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){ife=tinyMCE.selectedInstance.iframeElement;if(ife._oldHeight){ife.style.height=ife._oldHeight;ife.height=ife._oldHeight;}}};function TinyMCE_Selection(inst){this.instance=inst;};TinyMCE_Selection.prototype={getSelectedHTML:function(){var inst=this.instance;var e,r=this.getRng(),h;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){return r.toString();}e=document.createElement("body");if(tinyMCE.isGecko)e.appendChild(r.cloneContents());else e.innerHTML=r.item?r.item(0).outerHTML:r.htmlText;h=tinyMCE._cleanupHTML(inst,inst.contentDocument,inst.settings,e,e,false,true,false);if(tinyMCE.getParam("convert_fonts_to_spans"))tinyMCE.convertSpansToFonts(inst.getDoc());return h;},getSelectedText:function(){var inst=this.instance;var d,r,s,t;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){d=inst.getDoc();if(d.selection.type=="Text"){r=d.selection.createRange();t=r.text;}else t='';}else{s=this.getSel();if(s&&s.toString)t=s.toString();else t='';}return t;},getBookmark:function(simple){var rng=this.getRng();var doc=this.instance.getDoc();var sp,le,s,e,nl,i,si,ei;var trng,sx,sy,xx=-999999999;if(tinyMCE.isOpera)return null;sx=doc.body.scrollLeft+doc.documentElement.scrollLeft;sy=doc.body.scrollTop+doc.documentElement.scrollTop;if(tinyMCE.isSafari||tinyMCE.isGecko)return{rng:rng,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(simple)return{rng:rng};if(rng.item){e=rng.item(0);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(e.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(e==nl[i]){sp=i;break;}}return{tag:e.nodeName,index:sp,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}else{trng=rng.duplicate();trng.collapse(true);sp=Math.abs(trng.move('character',xx));trng=rng.duplicate();trng.collapse(false);le=Math.abs(trng.move('character',xx))-sp;return{start:sp,length:le,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){s=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.startContainer);for(si=0;si<s.childNodes.length&&s.childNodes[si]!=rng.startContainer;si++);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(s.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(s==nl[i]){sp=i;break;}}e=tinyMCE.getParentElement(rng.endContainer);for(ei=0;ei<e.childNodes.length&&e.childNodes[ei]!=rng.endContainer;ei++);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(e.nodeName);for(i=0;i<nl.length;i++){if(e==nl[i]){le=i;break;}}return{startTag:s.nodeName,start:sp,startIndex:si,endTag:e.nodeName,end:le,endIndex:ei,startOffset:rng.startOffset,endOffset:rng.endOffset,scrollX:sx,scrollY:sy};}return null;},moveToBookmark:function(bookmark){var rng,nl,i;var inst=this.instance;var doc=inst.getDoc();var win=inst.getWin();var sel=this.getSel();if(!bookmark)return false;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){sel.setBaseAndExtent(bookmark.startContainer,bookmark.startOffset,bookmark.endContainer,bookmark.endOffset);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){if(bookmark.rng){bookmark.rng.select();return true;}win.focus();if(bookmark.tag){rng=inst.getBody().createControlRange();nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.tag);if(nl.length>bookmark.index){try{rng.addElement(nl[bookmark.index]);}catch(ex){}}}else{rng=inst.getSel().createRange();rng.moveToElementText(inst.getBody());rng.collapse(true);rng.moveStart('character',bookmark.start);rng.moveEnd('character',bookmark.length);}rng.select();win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isGecko&&bookmark.rng){sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(bookmark.rng);win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}if(tinyMCE.isGecko){rng=doc.createRange();nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.startTag);if(nl.length>bookmark.start)rng.setStart(nl[bookmark.start].childNodes[bookmark.startIndex],bookmark.startOffset);nl=doc.getElementsByTagName(bookmark.endTag);if(nl.length>bookmark.end)rng.setEnd(nl[bookmark.end].childNodes[bookmark.endIndex],bookmark.endOffset);sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(rng);win.scrollTo(bookmark.scrollX,bookmark.scrollY);return true;}return false;},selectNode:function(node,collapse,select_text_node,to_start){var inst=this.instance,sel,rng,nodes;if(!node)return;if(typeof(collapse)=="undefined")collapse=true;if(typeof(select_text_node)=="undefined")select_text_node=false;if(typeof(to_start)=="undefined")to_start=true;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE){rng=inst.getBody().createTextRange();try{rng.moveToElementText(node);if(collapse)rng.collapse(to_start);rng.select();}catch(e){}}else{sel=this.getSel();if(!sel)return;if(tinyMCE.isSafari){sel.setBaseAndExtent(node,0,node,node.innerText.length);if(collapse){if(to_start)sel.collapseToStart();else sel.collapseToEnd();}this.scrollToNode(node);return;}rng=inst.getDoc().createRange();if(select_text_node){nodes=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(node,new Array(),3);if(nodes.length>0)rng.selectNodeContents(nodes[0]);else rng.selectNodeContents(node);}else rng.selectNode(node);if(collapse){if(!to_start&&node.nodeType==3){rng.setStart(node,node.nodeValue.length);rng.setEnd(node,node.nodeValue.length);}else rng.collapse(to_start);}sel.removeAllRanges();sel.addRange(rng);}this.scrollToNode(node);tinyMCE.selectedElement=null;if(node.nodeType==1)tinyMCE.selectedElement=node;},scrollToNode:function(node){var inst=this.instance;var pos,doc,scrollX,scrollY,height;pos=tinyMCE.getAbsPosition(node);doc=inst.getDoc();scrollX=doc.body.scrollLeft+doc.documentElement.scrollLeft;scrollY=doc.body.scrollTop+doc.documentElement.scrollTop;height=tinyMCE.isMSIE?document.getElementById(inst.editorId).style.pixelHeight:inst.targetElement.clientHeight;if(!tinyMCE.settings['auto_resize']&&!(pos.absTop>scrollY&&pos.absTop<(scrollY-25+height)))inst.contentWindow.scrollTo(pos.absLeft,pos.absTop-height+25);},getSel:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return inst.getDoc().selection;return inst.contentWindow.getSelection();},getRng:function(){var inst=this.instance;var sel=this.getSel();if(sel==null)return null;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera)return sel.createRange();if(tinyMCE.isSafari&&!sel.getRangeAt)return''+window.getSelection();return sel.getRangeAt(0);},getFocusElement:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(tinyMCE.isMSIE&&!tinyMCE.isOpera){var doc=inst.getDoc();var rng=doc.selection.createRange();var elm=rng.item?rng.item(0):rng.parentElement();}else{if(inst.isHidden())return inst.getBody();var sel=this.getSel();var rng=this.getRng();if(!sel||!rng)return null;var elm=rng.commonAncestorContainer;if(!rng.collapsed){if(rng.startContainer==rng.endContainer){if(rng.startOffset-rng.endOffset<2){if(rng.startContainer.hasChildNodes())elm=rng.startContainer.childNodes[rng.startOffset];}}}elm=tinyMCE.getParentElement(elm);}return elm;}};function TinyMCE_UndoRedo(inst){this.instance=inst;this.undoLevels=new Array();this.undoIndex=0;this.typingUndoIndex=-1;this.undoRedo=true;};TinyMCE_UndoRedo.prototype={add:function(l){var b;if(l){this.undoLevels[this.undoLevels.length]=l;return true;}var inst=this.instance;if(this.typingUndoIndex!=-1){this.undoIndex=this.typingUndoIndex;}var newHTML=tinyMCE.trim(inst.getBody().innerHTML);if(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex]&&newHTML!=this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content){tinyMCE.dispatchCallback(inst,'onchange_callback','onChange',inst);var customUndoLevels=tinyMCE.settings['custom_undo_redo_levels'];if(customUndoLevels!=-1&&this.undoLevels.length>customUndoLevels){for(var i=0;i<this.undoLevels.length-1;i++){this.undoLevels[i]=this.undoLevels[i+1];}this.undoLevels.length--;this.undoIndex--;}b=inst.undoBookmark;if(!b)b=inst.selection.getBookmark();this.undoIndex++;this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex]={content:newHTML,bookmark:b};this.undoLevels.length=this.undoIndex+1;return true;}return false;},undo:function(){var inst=this.instance;if(this.undoIndex>0){this.undoIndex--;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content);inst.repaint();if(inst.settings.custom_undo_redo_restore_selection)inst.selection.moveToBookmark(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].bookmark);}},redo:function(){var inst=this.instance;tinyMCE.execCommand("mceEndTyping");if(this.undoIndex<(this.undoLevels.length-1)){this.undoIndex++;tinyMCE.setInnerHTML(inst.getBody(),this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].content);inst.repaint();if(inst.settings.custom_undo_redo_restore_selection)inst.selection.moveToBookmark(this.undoLevels[this.undoIndex].bookmark);}tinyMCE.triggerNodeChange();}};var TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs={_insertPara:function(inst,e){function isEmpty(para){function isEmptyHTML(html){return html.replace(new RegExp('[ \\t\\r\\n]+','g'),'').toLowerCase()=="";}if(para.getElementsByTagName("img").length>0)return false;if(para.getElementsByTagName("table").length>0)return false;if(para.getElementsByTagName("hr").length>0)return false;var nodes=tinyMCE.getNodeTree(para,new Array(),3);for(var i=0;i<nodes.length;i++){if(!isEmptyHTML(nodes[i].nodeValue))return false;}return true;}var doc=inst.getDoc();var sel=inst.getSel();var win=inst.contentWindow;var rng=sel.getRangeAt(0);var body=doc.body;var rootElm=doc.documentElement;var blockName="P";var rngBefore=doc.createRange();rngBefore.setStart(sel.anchorNode,sel.anchorOffset);rngBefore.collapse(true);var rngAfter=doc.createRange();rngAfter.setStart(sel.focusNode,sel.focusOffset);rngAfter.collapse(true);var direct=rngBefore.compareBoundaryPoints(rngBefore.START_TO_END,rngAfter)<0;var startNode=direct?sel.anchorNode:sel.focusNode;var startOffset=direct?sel.anchorOffset:sel.focusOffset;var endNode=direct?sel.focusNode:sel.anchorNode;var endOffset=direct?sel.focusOffset:sel.anchorOffset;startNode=startNode.nodeName=="BODY"?startNode.firstChild:startNode;endNode=endNode.nodeName=="BODY"?endNode.firstChild:endNode;var startBlock=tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(startNode);var endBlock=tinyMCE.getParentBlockElement(endNode);if(startBlock&&new RegExp('absolute|relative|static','gi').test(startBlock.style.position))startBlock=null;if(endBlock&&new RegExp('absolute|relative|static','gi').test(endBlock.style.position))endBlock=null;if(startBlock!=null){blockName=startBlock.nodeName;if(blockName=="TD"||blockName=="TABLE"||(blockName=="DIV"&&new RegExp('left|right','gi').test(startBlock.style.cssFloat)))blockName="P";}if(tinyMCE.getParentElement(startBlock,"OL,UL")!=null)return false;if((startBlock!=null&&startBlock.nodeName=="TABLE")||(endBlock!=null&&endBlock.nodeName=="TABLE"))startBlock=endBlock=null;var paraBefore=(startBlock!=null&&startBlock.nodeName==blockName)?startBlock.cloneNode(false):doc.createElement(blockName);var paraAfter=(endBlock!=null&&endBlock.nodeName==blockName)?endBlock.cloneNode(false):doc.createElement(blockName);if(\/^(H[1-6])$\/.test(blockName))paraAfter=doc.createElement("p");var startChop=startNode;var endChop=endNode;node=startChop;do{if(node==body||node.nodeType==9||tinyMCE.isBlockElement(node))break;startChop=node;}while((node=node.previousSibling?node.previousSibling:node.parentNode));node=endChop;do{if(node==body||node.nodeType==9||tinyMCE.isBlockElement(node))break;endChop=node;}while((node=node.nextSibling?node.nextSibling:node.parentNode));if(startChop.nodeName=="TD")startChop=startChop.firstChild;if(endChop.nodeName=="TD")endChop=endChop.lastChild;if(startBlock==null){rng.deleteContents();sel.removeAllRanges();if(startChop!=rootElm&&endChop!=rootElm){rngBefore=rng.cloneRange();if(startChop==body)rngBefore.setStart(startChop,0);else rngBefore.setStartBefore(startChop);paraBefore.appendChild(rngBefore.cloneContents());if(endChop.parentNode.nodeName==blockName)endChop=endChop.parentNode;rng.setEndAfter(endChop);if(endChop.nodeName!="#text"&&endChop.nodeName!="BODY")rngBefore.setEndAfter(endChop);var contents=rng.cloneContents();if(contents.firstChild&&(contents.firstChild.nodeName==blockName||contents.firstChild.nodeName=="BODY"))paraAfter.innerHTML=contents.firstChild.innerHTML;else paraAfter.appendChild(contents);if(isEmpty(paraBefore))paraBefore.innerHTML="&nbsp;";if(isEmpty(paraAfter))paraAfter.innerHTML="&nbsp;";rng.deleteContents();rngAfter.deleteContents();rngBefore.deleteContents();paraAfter.normalize();rngBefore.insertNode(paraAfter);paraBefore.normalize();rngBefore.insertNode(paraBefore);}else{body.innerHTML="<"+blockName+">&nbsp;<\/"+blockName+"><"+blockName+">&nbsp;<\/"+blockName+">";paraAfter=body.childNodes[1];}inst.selection.selectNode(paraAfter,true,true);return true;}if(startChop.nodeName==blockName)rngBefore.setStart(startChop,0);else rngBefore.setStartBefore(startChop);rngBefore.setEnd(startNode,startOffset);paraBefore.appendChild(rngBefore.cloneContents());rngAfter.setEndAfter(endChop);rngAfter.setStart(endNode,endOffset);var contents=rngAfter.cloneContents();if(contents.firstChild&&contents.firstChild.nodeName==blockName){paraAfter.innerHTML=contents.firstChild.innerHTML;}else paraAfter.appendChild(contents);if(isEmpty(paraBefore))paraBefore.innerHTML="&nbsp;";if(isEmpty(paraAfter))paraAfter.innerHTML="&nbsp;";var rng=doc.createRange();if(!startChop.previousSibling&&startChop.parentNode.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName){rng.setStartBefore(startChop.parentNode);}else{if(rngBefore.startContainer.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName&&rngBefore.startOffset==0)rng.setStartBefore(rngBefore.startContainer);else rng.setStart(rngBefore.startContainer,rngBefore.startOffset);}if(!endChop.nextSibling&&endChop.parentNode.nodeName.toUpperCase()==blockName)rng.setEndAfter(endChop.parentNode);else rng.setEnd(rngAfter.endContainer,rngAfter.endOffset);rng.deleteContents();rng.insertNode(paraAfter);rng.insertNode(paraBefore);paraAfter.normalize();paraBefore.normalize();inst.selection.selectNode(paraAfter,true,true);return true;},_handleBackSpace:function(inst){var r=inst.getRng(),sn=r.startContainer,nv,s=false;if(sn&&sn.nextSibling&&sn.nextSibling.nodeName=="BR"){nv=sn.nodeValue;if(nv!=null&&nv.length>=r.startOffset&&nv.charAt(r.startOffset-1)==' ')s=true;if(nv!=null&&r.startOffset==nv.length)sn.nextSibling.parentNode.removeChild(sn.nextSibling);}return s;}};function TinyMCE_Layer(id,bm){this.id=id;this.blockerElement=null;this.events=false;this.element=null;this.blockMode=typeof(bm)!='undefined'?bm:true;this.doc=document;};TinyMCE_Layer.prototype={moveRelativeTo:function(re,p){var rep=this.getAbsPosition(re);var w=parseInt(re.offsetWidth);var h=parseInt(re.offsetHeight);var e=this.getElement();var ew=parseInt(e.offsetWidth);var eh=parseInt(e.offsetHeight);var x,y;switch(p){case"tl":x=rep.absLeft;y=rep.absTop;break;case"tr":x=rep.absLeft+w;y=rep.absTop;break;case"bl":x=rep.absLeft;y=rep.absTop+h;break;case"br":x=rep.absLeft+w;y=rep.absTop+h;break;case"cc":x=rep.absLeft+(w\/2)-(ew\/2);y=rep.absTop+(h\/2)-(eh\/2);break;}this.moveTo(x,y);},moveBy:function(x,y){var e=this.getElement();this.moveTo(parseInt(e.style.left)+x,parseInt(e.style.top)+y);},moveTo:function(x,y){var e=this.getElement();e.style.left=x+"px";e.style.top=y+"px";this.updateBlocker();},resizeBy:function(w,h){var e=this.getElement();this.resizeTo(parseInt(e.style.width)+w,parseInt(e.style.height)+h);},resizeTo:function(w,h){var e=this.getElement();if(w!=null)e.style.width=w+"px";if(h!=null)e.style.height=h+"px";this.updateBlocker();},show:function(){this.getElement().style.display='block';this.updateBlocker();},hide:function(){this.getElement().style.display='none';this.updateBlocker();},isVisible:function(){return this.getElement().style.display=='block';},getElement:function(){if(!this.element)this.element=this.doc.getElementById(this.id);return this.element;},setBlockMode:function(s){this.blockMode=s;},updateBlocker:function(){var e,b,x,y,w,h;b=this.getBlocker();if(b){if(this.blockMode){e=this.getElement();x=this.parseInt(e.style.left);y=this.parseInt(e.style.top);w=this.parseInt(e.offsetWidth);h=this.parseInt(e.offsetHeight);b.style.left=x+'px';b.style.top=y+'px';b.style.width=w+'px';b.style.height=h+'px';b.style.display=e.style.display;}else b.style.display='none';}},getBlocker:function(){var d,b;if(!this.blockerElement&&this.blockMode){d=this.doc;b=d.createElement("iframe");b.style.cssText='display: none; position: absolute; left: 0; top: 0';b.src='javascript:false;';b.frameBorder='0';b.scrolling='no';d.body.appendChild(b);this.blockerElement=b;}return this.blockerElement;},getAbsPosition:function(n){var p={absLeft:0,absTop:0};while(n){p.absLeft+=n.offsetLeft;p.absTop+=n.offsetTop;n=n.offsetParent;}return p;},create:function(n,c,p){var d=this.doc,e=d.createElement(n);e.setAttribute('id',this.id);if(c)e.className=c;if(!p)p=d.body;p.appendChild(e);return this.element=e;},parseInt:function(s){if(s==null||s=='')return 0;return parseInt(s);}};function TinyMCE_Menu(){var id;if(typeof(tinyMCE.menuCounter)=="undefined")tinyMCE.menuCounter=0;id="mc_menu_"+tinyMCE.menuCounter++;TinyMCE_Layer.call(this,id,true);this.id=id;this.items=new Array();this.needsUpdate=true;};TinyMCE_Menu.prototype=tinyMCE.extend(TinyMCE_Layer.prototype,{init:function(s){var n;this.settings={separator_class:'mceMenuSeparator',title_class:'mceMenuTitle',disabled_class:'mceMenuDisabled',menu_class:'mceMenu',drop_menu:true};for(n in s)this.settings[n]=s[n];this.create('div',this.settings.menu_class);},clear:function(){this.items=new Array();},addTitle:function(t){this.add({type:'title',text:t});},addDisabled:function(t){this.add({type:'disabled',text:t});},addSeparator:function(){this.add({type:'separator'});},addItem:function(t,js){this.add({text:t,js:js});},add:function(mi){this.items[this.items.length]=mi;this.needsUpdate=true;},update:function(){var e=this.getElement(),h='',i,t,m=this.items,s=this.settings;if(this.settings.drop_menu)h+='<span class="mceMenuLine"><\/span>';h+='<table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">';for(i=0;i<m.length;i++){t=tinyMCE.xmlEncode(m[i].text);c=m[i].class_name?' class="'+m[i].class_name+'"':'';switch(m[i].type){case'separator':h+='<tr class="'+s.separator_class+'"><td>';break;case'title':h+='<tr class="'+s.title_class+'"><td><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span>';break;case'disabled':h+='<tr class="'+s.disabled_class+'"><td><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span>';break;default:h+='<tr><td><a href="javascript:void(0);" onmousedown="'+tinyMCE.xmlEncode(m[i].js)+';return false;"><span'+c+'>'+t+'<\/span><\/a>';}h+='<\/td><\/tr>';}h+='<\/table>';e.innerHTML=h;this.needsUpdate=false;this.updateBlocker();},show:function(){var nl,i;if(tinyMCE.lastMenu==this)return;if(this.needsUpdate)this.update();if(tinyMCE.lastMenu&&tinyMCE.lastMenu!=this)tinyMCE.lastMenu.hide();TinyMCE_Layer.prototype.show.call(this);if(!tinyMCE.isOpera){}tinyMCE.lastMenu=this;}});TinyMCE_Engine.prototype.debug=function(){var m="",e,a,i;e=document.getElementById("tinymce_debug");if(!e){var d=document.createElement("div");d.setAttribute("className","debugger");d.className="debugger";d.innerHTML='Debug output:<textarea id="tinymce_debug" style="width: 100%; height: 300px" wrap="nowrap" mce_editable="false"><\/textarea>';document.body.appendChild(d);e=document.getElementById("tinymce_debug");}a=this.debug.arguments;for(i=0;i<a.length;i++){m+=a[i];if(i<a.length-1)m+=', ';}e.value+=m+"\\n";};/;"	f
TinyMCE_Engine	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Engine() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Engine()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Engine()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_Layer	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Layer(id, bm) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Layer	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Layer(id, bm) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Layer()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Layer()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_Menu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Menu() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Menu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Menu() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Popup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_popup.js	/^function TinyMCE_Popup() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Popup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_popup.js	/^function TinyMCE_Popup() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Popup()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Popup()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_Selection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Selection(inst) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Selection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Selection(inst) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Selection()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_Selection()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_UndoRedo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_UndoRedo(inst) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_UndoRedo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_UndoRedo(inst) {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_UndoRedo()	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="TinyMCE_UndoRedo()"><!-- --><\/A><H3>$/;"	a
TinyMCE_Window	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Window() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Window	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Window() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Windows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Windows() {$/;"	f
TinyMCE_Windows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function TinyMCE_Windows() {$/;"	f
TinyMceHelperTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^class TinyMceHelperTest < HelperTestCase$/;"	c
TinyMceTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^class TinyMceTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
UrlForFileColumnTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^class UrlForFileColumnTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
UrlForImageColumnTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^class UrlForImageColumnTest < AbstractRMagickTest$/;"	c
Validations	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^  module Validations #:nodoc:$/;"	m
Water	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/water.rb	/^class Water < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
WaterTest	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/water_test.rb	/^class WaterTest < Test::Unit::TestCase$/;"	c
__A__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__A__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__B__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__B__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__C__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__C__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__D__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__D__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__E__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__E__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__F__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__F__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__G__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__G__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__H__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__H__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__I__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__I__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__L__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__L__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__M__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__M__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__N__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__N__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__O__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__O__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__P__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__P__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__Q__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__Q__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__R__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__R__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__S__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__S__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__T__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__T__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__U__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__U__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__W__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__W__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
__X__	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="__X__"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
_____	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="_____"><!-- --><\/A><H2>$/;"	a
_getElementById	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="_getElementById"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
_removeInternal	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="_removeInternal"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
abort	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/prototype.js	/^    function abort(message) { throw 'Parse error in selector: ' + message; }$/;"	f
absolute_dir	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def absolute_dir$/;"	f
absolute_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def absolute_path(subdir=nil)$/;"	f
accessibleEventHandler	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="accessibleEventHandler"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
acts_as_dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^        def acts_as_dropdown(options = {})$/;"	f
add	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def add$/;"	f
add	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="add"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addButtonMap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addButtonMap"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addCSSClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addCSSClass"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addClassesToList	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function addClassesToList(list_id, specific_option) {$/;"	f
addClassesToList	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function addClassesToList(list_id, specific_option) {$/;"	f
addEvent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addEvent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addEventHandlers	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addEventHandlers"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addHeadElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function addHeadElm(type) {$/;"	f
addHeadElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function addHeadElm(type) {$/;"	f
addMCEControl	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addMCEControl"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addMenu"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addPlugin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="addPlugin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addPlugin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addPlugin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addRows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function addRows(td_elm, tr_elm, rowspan) {$/;"	f
addRows	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function addRows(td_elm, tr_elm, rowspan) {$/;"	f
addRuleStr	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="addRuleStr"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addSelectAccessibility	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addSelectAccessibility"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function addSelectValue(form_obj, field_name, name, value) {$/;"	f
addSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function addSelectValue(form_obj, field_name, name, value) {$/;"	f
addShortcut	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="addShortcut"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addTheme	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addTheme"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addToArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function addToArray(in_array, add_array) {$/;"	f
addToArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function addToArray(in_array, add_array) {$/;"	f
addToLang	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="addToLang"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
addZeros	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/insertdatetime/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function addZeros(value, len) {$/;"	f
addZeros	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/insertdatetime/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function addZeros(value, len) {$/;"	f
after_assign	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def after_assign$/;"	f
after_assign_called?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def after_assign_called?$/;"	f
after_destroy	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def after_destroy$/;"	f
after_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def after_save$/;"	f
after_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def after_save$/;"	f
after_save_called?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def after_save_called?$/;"	f
all_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def all_clause(*names)$/;"	f
and_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def and_condition(*args, &block)$/;"	f
any_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def any_clause(*names)$/;"	f
append_features	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  def self.append_features(base)$/;"	F
append_features	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^    def self.append_features(base)$/;"	F
applyAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function applyAction() {$/;"	f
applyAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function applyAction() {$/;"	f
applyTemplate	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="applyTemplate"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/allclasses-frame.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/allclasses-noframe.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/help-doc.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Array.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Cleanup.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Control.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_DOMUtils.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Debug.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Engine.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Event.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Layer.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Menu.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Popup.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_Selection.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_URL.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-TinyMCE_UndoRedo.class.js.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-frame.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Array.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Cleanup.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Control.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_DOMUtils.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Debug.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Engine.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Event.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Layer.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Menu.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Popup.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Selection.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_URL.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_UndoRedo.class.js.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary.html	/^function asd() {$/;"	f
asd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-tree.html	/^function asd()$/;"	f
assert_equal_paths	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^  def assert_equal_paths(expected_path, path)$/;"	f
assert_image_property	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def assert_image_property(img, property, value, text = nil)$/;"	f
assert_max_image_size	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def assert_max_image_size(img, s)$/;"	f
assert_transformed	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def assert_transformed(image)$/;"	f
assign	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def assign(file)$/;"	f
assign_temp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def assign_temp(temp_path)$/;"	f
autoResetDesignMode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="autoResetDesignMode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
before_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/models/lot.rb	/^  def before_save$/;"	f
broken	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="broken"><\/a>$/;"	a
buildOnClick	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function buildOnClick() {$/;"	f
buildOnClick	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function buildOnClick() {$/;"	f
buttonMap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="buttonMap"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
callFunc	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="callFunc"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function cancelAction() {$/;"	f
cancelElementUpdate	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function cancelElementUpdate() {$/;"	f
cancelElementUpdate	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function cancelElementUpdate() {$/;"	f
cancelEvent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="cancelEvent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
case_insensitive	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def case_insensitive$/;"	f
changeAppearance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeAppearance() {$/;"	f
changeAppearance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeAppearance() {$/;"	f
changeClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeClass() {$/;"	f
changeClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeClass() {$/;"	f
changeHeight	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeHeight() {$/;"	f
changeHeight	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeHeight() {$/;"	f
changeMouseMove	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeMouseMove() {$/;"	f
changeMouseMove	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeMouseMove() {$/;"	f
changeWidth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeWidth() {$/;"	f
changeWidth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function changeWidth() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBackgroundImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedBackgroundImage() {$/;"	f
changedBorder	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedBorder() {$/;"	f
changedBorder	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedBorder() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedColor() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedSize() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function changedStyle() {$/;"	f
changedStyleField	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function changedStyleField(field) {$/;"	f
changedStyleField	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function changedStyleField(field) {$/;"	f
checkWho	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/doc/vsezagorod_html4.rar_FILES/hide.js	/^function checkWho(value) {$/;"	f
checkWho	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/hide.js	/^function checkWho(value) {$/;"	f
check_permissions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def check_permissions(e)$/;"	f
checkbox_label_in_td	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/catalogue_helper.rb	/^  def checkbox_label_in_td(id,name,value)$/;"	f
clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def clause(name, *args)$/;"	f
cleanup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="cleanup"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
cleanupAnchors	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="cleanupAnchors"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
cleanupEventStr	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="cleanupEventStr"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
cleanupHTMLCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="cleanupHTMLCode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
clearArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="clearArray"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
clear_validations	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^  def clear_validations$/;"	f
clone_as	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def clone_as(klass)$/;"	f
close	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="close"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
closeWindow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="closeWindow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
commercial	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="commercial"><\/a>$/;"	a
commercial2	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="commercial2"><\/a>$/;"	a
compressStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="compressStyle"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
configs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="configs"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
confirmAdd	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="confirmAdd"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
constructor_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="constructor_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
content_type	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^    def content_type$/;"	f
convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertAbsoluteURLToRelativeURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertAllRelativeURLs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertAllRelativeURLs"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertFontsToSpans	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertFontsToSpans"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertHexToRGB	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function convertHexToRGB(col) {$/;"	f
convertHexToRGB	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function convertHexToRGB(col) {$/;"	f
convertHexToRGB	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertHexToRGB"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertHexToRGB	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function convertHexToRGB(col) {$/;"	f
convertHexToRGB	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function convertHexToRGB(col) {$/;"	f
convertRGBToHex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function convertRGBToHex(col) {$/;"	f
convertRGBToHex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function convertRGBToHex(col) {$/;"	f
convertRGBToHex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertRGBToHex"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertRGBToHex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function convertRGBToHex(col) {$/;"	f
convertRGBToHex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function convertRGBToHex(col) {$/;"	f
convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertRelativeToAbsoluteURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertSpansToFonts	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertSpansToFonts"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function convertURL(url, node, on_save) {$/;"	f
convertURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function convertURL(url, node, on_save) {$/;"	f
convertURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="convertURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
convertURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function convertURL(url, node, on_save) {$/;"	f
convertURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function convertURL(url, node, on_save) {$/;"	f
convertWord	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/plugin_paste.html	/^function convertWord(type, content) {$/;"	f
copyRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function copyRow(doc, table, tr) {$/;"	f
copyRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function copyRow(doc, table, tr) {$/;"	f
correct_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def correct_extension(filename, ext)$/;"	f
create	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="create"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
createIFrame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function createIFrame() {$/;"	f
createIFrame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function createIFrame() {$/;"	f
create_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def create_clause(name, operator, value, case_insensitive = false)$/;"	f
create_fixtures	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/test_helper.rb	/^  def create_fixtures(*table_names)$/;"	f
create_magick_version_if_needed	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def create_magick_version_if_needed(version)$/;"	f
create_state	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  def self.create_state(instance,attr)$/;"	F
currentConfig	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="currentConfig"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
debug	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function debug(msg) {$/;"	f
debug	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="debug"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
debug	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/inlinepopups/editor_plugin_src.js	/^function debug(msg) {$/;"	f
defParam	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^	function defParam(key, def_val) {$/;"	f
defParam	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^	function defParam(key, def_val) {$/;"	f
defValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function defValue(key, default_value) {$/;"	f
defValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function defValue(key, default_value) {$/;"	f
define_sub	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def define_sub(*args, &block)$/;"	f
delete	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def delete$/;"	f
deleteMarked	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function deleteMarked(tbl) {$/;"	f
deleteMarked	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function deleteMarked(tbl) {$/;"	f
delete_files	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def delete_files$/;"	f
details	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def details$/;"	f
dialogCounter	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="dialogCounter"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
dispatchCallback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="dispatchCallback"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
doParentSubmit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function doParentSubmit() {$/;"	f
doParentSubmit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function doParentSubmit() {$/;"	f
do_permission_test	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def do_permission_test(uploaded_file, permissions=0641)$/;"	f
do_test_assign_without_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def do_test_assign_without_save(upload_type)$/;"	f
do_test_replace_tmp_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def do_test_replace_tmp_image(order)$/;"	f
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/001_create_lots.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/002_create_regions.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/003_add_sessions.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/004_create_gas.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/005_create_electricities.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/006_create_waters.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/007_create_nature_types.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/008_create_nature_distances.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/009_create_natures.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/010_create_lotroad_distances.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/011_create_lotroad_surfaces.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/012_create_lotroad_widths.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/013_create_routes.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/014_create_route_distances.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/015_create_route_types.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/016_create_placements.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/017_create_neighbours.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/018_create_neighbour_types.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/019_create_neighbour_distances.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/020_create_grounds.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/021_create_greens.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/022_create_green_lots.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/023_create_buildings.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/024_create_building_lots.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/025_create_reliefs.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/026_create_lot_reliefs.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/027_create_groundwater_levels.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/028_create_squares.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/029_create_prices.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/030_create_noises.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/031_create_noise_sources.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/032_create_lot_noise_sources.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/033_create_buildobjects.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/034_create_buildobject_lots.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/035_create_full_prices.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/036_create_city_distances.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
down	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/037_create_departures.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F
edit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f
empty?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def empty?$/;"	f
empty?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def empty?$/;"	f
end	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/views/layouts/blank.rhtml	/^ function end(id) {$/;"	f
end	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/doc/vsezagorod_html4.rar_FILES/kievmap.html	/^ function end(id) {$/;"	f
end	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/kievmap.html	/^ function end(id) {$/;"	f
entityDecode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="entityDecode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
entries	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/mysql.sql	/^CREATE TABLE entries ($/;"	t
evalFunc	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="evalFunc"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
eventHandlers	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="eventHandlers"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
execCommand	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="execCommand"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
execCommand	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="execCommand"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
execCommand	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="execCommand"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
execCommandCallback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="execCommandCallback"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
execInstanceCommand	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="execInstanceCommand"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
executeCallback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="executeCallback"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
executeOnLoad	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="executeOnLoad"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
explode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="explode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
extend	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="extend"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
ez_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^      def ez_condition(*args, &block)$/;"	f
ez_find	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^      def ez_find(what, *args, &block)$/;"	f
field_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="field_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="field_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="field_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="field_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="field_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="field_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="field_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
field_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="field_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
file_column	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def file_column(attr, options={})$/;"	f
file_column	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def self.file_column(klass, attr, options) # :nodoc:$/;"	F
file_column_field	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column_helper.rb	/^  def file_column_field(object, method, options={})$/;"	f
file_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^  def file_path(filename)$/;"	f
fillSelect	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function fillSelect(f, s, param, dval, sep, em) {$/;"	f
fillSelect	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function fillSelect(f, s, param, dval, sep, em) {$/;"	f
fixContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function fixContent(html) {$/;"	f
fixContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function fixContent(html) {$/;"	f
fixGeckoBaseHREFBug	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="fixGeckoBaseHREFBug"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
font	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="font"><\/a>$/;"	a
formatHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="formatHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
generateCSS	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function generateCSS() {$/;"	f
generateCSS	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function generateCSS() {$/;"	f
generate_temp_name	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  def self.generate_temp_name$/;"	F
getAbsPosition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getAbsPosition"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getAbsPosition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="getAbsPosition"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getAnchorListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getAnchorListHTML(id, target) {$/;"	f
getAnchorListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getAnchorListHTML(id, target) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/directionality/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getAttrib"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/contextmenu/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/directionality/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function getAttrib(elm, name) {$/;"	f
getBlocker	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="getBlocker"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getBody	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getBody"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getBookmark	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getBookmark"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getBrowserHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getBrowserHTML(id, target_form_element, type, prefix) {$/;"	f
getBrowserHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getBrowserHTML(id, target_form_element, type, prefix) {$/;"	f
getButtonHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getButtonHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getCSSClasses	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getCSSClasses"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getCSSSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getCSSSize(size) {$/;"	f
getCSSSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getCSSSize(size) {$/;"	f
getCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getCell(grid, row, col) {$/;"	f
getCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getCell(grid, row, col) {$/;"	f
getCellPos	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getCellPos(grid, td) {$/;"	f
getCellPos	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getCellPos(grid, td) {$/;"	f
getColRowSpan	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getColRowSpan(td) {$/;"	f
getColRowSpan	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getColRowSpan(td) {$/;"	f
getColorPickerHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getColorPickerHTML(id, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
getColorPickerHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getColorPickerHTML(id, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
getContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getContent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getControlHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getControlHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getDateTime	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/insertdatetime/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getDateTime(date, format) {$/;"	f
getDateTime	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/insertdatetime/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getDateTime(date, format) {$/;"	f
getDoc	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getDoc"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getEditorId	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getEditorId"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="getElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getElementByAttributeValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getElementByAttributeValue"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getElementsByAttributeValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getElementsByAttributeValue"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getFlashListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function getFlashListHTML() {$/;"	f
getFlashListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function getFlashListHTML() {$/;"	f
getFocusElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getFocusElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getFocusElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getFocusElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageData(src) {$/;"	f
getImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function getImageData() {$/;"	f
getImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageData(src) {$/;"	f
getImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function getImageData() {$/;"	f
getImageListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element, onchange_func) {$/;"	f
getImageListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element, onchange_func) {$/;"	f
getImageSrc	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageSrc(str) {$/;"	f
getImageSrc	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getImageSrc(str) {$/;"	f
getInstanceById	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getInstanceById"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getLang	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getLang"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getLinkListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getLinkListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element, onchange_func) {$/;"	f
getLinkListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getLinkListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element, onchange_func) {$/;"	f
getMeasurement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getMeasurement(s) {$/;"	f
getMeasurement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getMeasurement(s) {$/;"	f
getNodeTree	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getNodeTree"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getNum	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getNum(s) {$/;"	f
getNum	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getNum(s) {$/;"	f
getOption	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getOption(opts, name) {$/;"	f
getOption	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getOption(opts, name) {$/;"	f
getOuterHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getOuterHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getParam	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getParam"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getParentBlockElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getParentBlockElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getParentElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getParentElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getParentNode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getParentNode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getPluginInfo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function getPluginInfo(name) {$/;"	f
getPluginInfo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function getPluginInfo(name) {$/;"	f
getReItem	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function getReItem(r, s, i) {$/;"	f
getReItem	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function getReItem(r, s, i) {$/;"	f
getRng	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getRng"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getRng	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getRng"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getSel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getSel"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getSel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getSel"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getSelectValue(form_obj, field_name) {$/;"	f
getSelectedHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getSelectedHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getSelectedText	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="getSelectedText"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getStyle(elm, attrib, style) {$/;"	f
getStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function getStyle(elm, attrib, style) {$/;"	f
getTableGrid	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getTableGrid(table) {$/;"	f
getTableGrid	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function getTableGrid(table) {$/;"	f
getTargetListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getTargetListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
getTargetListHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function getTargetListHTML(elm_id, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
getVal	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getVal(s, i) {$/;"	f
getVal	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function getVal(s, i) {$/;"	f
getVisualAidClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getVisualAidClass"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getWin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="getWin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getWindowArg	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="getWindowArg"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
getWindowArg	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="getWindowArg"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
get_content_type	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def get_content_type(fallback=nil)$/;"	f
handleEvent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="handleEvent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
handleShortcut	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="handleShortcut"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
handleVisualAid	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="handleVisualAid"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hasEqualValues	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function hasEqualValues(a) {$/;"	f
hasEqualValues	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function hasEqualValues(a) {$/;"	f
hasMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="hasMenu"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hasMouseMoved	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="hasMouseMoved"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hasPlugin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="hasPlugin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hasPlugin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="hasPlugin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hasTheme	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="hasTheme"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
has_magick_errors?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def has_magick_errors?$/;"	f
helper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def self.helper(s) s; end$/;"	F
hidden	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="hidden"><\/a>$/;"	a
hide	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/doc/vsezagorod_html4.rar_FILES/hide.js	/^function hide(elemId){ $/;"	f
hide	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/hide.js	/^function hide(elemId){ $/;"	f
hide	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="hide"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
hideAddMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function hideAddMenu(l, e, mx, my) {$/;"	f
hideAddMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function hideAddMenu(l, e, mx, my) {$/;"	f
highlight	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/page_controller.rb	/^	def highlight$/;"	f
idCounter	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="idCounter"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
importCSS	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="importCSS"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
importClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="importClass"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
importPluginLanguagePack	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="importPluginLanguagePack"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
importThemeLanguagePack	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="importThemeLanguagePack"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
inArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function inArray(ar, v) {$/;"	f
inArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function inArray(ar, v) {$/;"	f
inStr	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function inStr(s, n) {$/;"	f
inStr	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function inStr(s, n) {$/;"	f
included	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^      def self.included(base) # :nodoc:$/;"	F
included	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/ez.rb	/^    def self.included(base)$/;"	F
included	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^  def self.included(base)$/;"	F
index	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f
index	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f
index	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/map_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f
index	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/page_controller.rb	/^	def index$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/_template/popup.htm	/^		function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/blank.htm	/^		function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/merge_cells.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/anchor.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/link.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="init"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="init"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="init"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/_template/popup.htm	/^		function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/jscripts/functions.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/blank.htm	/^		function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/merge_cells.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/anchor.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/link.js	/^function init() {$/;"	f
initIframe	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function initIframe(doc) {$/;"	f
initIframe	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function initIframe(doc) {$/;"	f
init_options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  def self.init_options(defaults, model, attr)$/;"	F
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def initialize(lparams={:region_id=>'0',:square=>'0',:price_per_square=>'0',:full_price=>'0',:distance_to_city=>'0',:placement=>'0'})$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def initialize(*args)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def initialize(cond_array)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def initialize(names, table_name = nil, inner = :or)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def initialize(sql)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def initialize(*args, &block)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def initialize(name, value)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def initialize(*args)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def initialize(instance,attr)$/;"	f
initialize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^  def initialize$/;"	f
input_label	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/catalogue_helper.rb	/^  def input_label(id,name,value)$/;"	f
input_text	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/catalogue_helper.rb	/^    def input_text(name)$/;"	f
insertAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertAction() {$/;"	f
insertAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertAction() {$/;"	f
insertAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertAction() {$/;"	f
insertAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertAction() {$/;"	f
insertAfter	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="insertAfter"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
insertAnchor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/anchor.js	/^function insertAnchor() {$/;"	f
insertAnchor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/anchor.js	/^function insertAnchor() {$/;"	f
insertChar	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function insertChar(chr) {$/;"	f
insertChar	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function insertChar(chr) {$/;"	f
insertEmotion	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertEmotion(file_name, title) {$/;"	f
insertEmotion	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/jscripts/functions.js	/^function insertEmotion(file_name, title) {$/;"	f
insertFlash	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function insertFlash() {$/;"	f
insertFlash	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/flash/jscripts/flash.js	/^function insertFlash() {$/;"	f
insertHR	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function insertHR() {$/;"	f
insertHR	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/jscripts/rule.js	/^function insertHR() {$/;"	f
insertHelpIFrame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function insertHelpIFrame() {$/;"	f
insertHelpIFrame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/about.js	/^function insertHelpIFrame() {$/;"	f
insertImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function insertImage() {$/;"	f
insertImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function insertImage() {$/;"	f
insertLink	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/link.js	/^function insertLink() {$/;"	f
insertLink	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/link.js	/^function insertLink() {$/;"	f
insertSomething	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/_template/popup.htm	/^		function insertSomething() {$/;"	f
insertSomething	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/_template/popup.htm	/^		function insertSomething() {$/;"	f
insertTable	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function insertTable() {$/;"	f
insertTable	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function insertTable() {$/;"	f
instance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="instance"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
instance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="instance"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
instances	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="instances"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
int	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/fixtures/mysql.sql	/^  id int(11) NOT NULL auto_increment,$/;"	F
int	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/mysql.sql	/^  id int(11) NOT NULL auto_increment,$/;"	F
isBlockElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isBlockElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isDirty	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="isDirty"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isEmpty	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^		function isEmpty(para) {$/;"	f
isEmpty	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^		function isEmpty(para) {$/;"	f
isEmptyHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^			function isEmptyHTML(html) {$/;"	f
isEmptyHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce_src.js	/^			function isEmptyHTML(html) {$/;"	f
isGecko	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isGecko"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isHidden	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="isHidden"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isInstance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isInstance"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isLoaded	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isLoaded"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isMSIE	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isMSIE"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isMSIE5	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isMSIE5"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isMSIE5_0	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isMSIE5_0"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isMac	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isMac"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isNS7	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isNS7"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isNS71	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isNS71"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isNum	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function isNum(s) {$/;"	f
isNum	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function isNum(s) {$/;"	f
isOpera	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isOpera"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isSafari	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="isSafari"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isSame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function isSame(e, pr, sf, b) {$/;"	f
isSame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function isSame(e, pr, sf, b) {$/;"	f
isTinyMCE_Control	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="isTinyMCE_Control"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isVisible	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function isVisible(element_id) {$/;"	f
isVisible	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="isVisible"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
isVisible	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function isVisible(element_id) {$/;"	f
javascript_include_tiny_mce	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^  def javascript_include_tiny_mce$/;"	f
javascript_include_tiny_mce_if_used	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^  def javascript_include_tiny_mce_if_used$/;"	f
just_uploaded?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def just_uploaded?$/;"	f
kiev	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/map_controller.rb	/^  def kiev$/;"	f
kievmapdata	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/map_controller.rb	/^  def kievmapdata$/;"	f
lgpl	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="lgpl"><\/a>$/;"	a
load	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="load"><\/a>$/;"	a
load	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^      def load$/;"	f
loadCSS	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="loadCSS"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
loadPlugin	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="loadPlugin"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
loadScript	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="loadScript"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
load_image_with_rmagick	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def load_image_with_rmagick(path)$/;"	f
loadedFiles	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="loadedFiles"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
loadedPlugins	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="loadedPlugins"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
local_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^    def local_path$/;"	f
majorVersion	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="majorVersion"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
makeAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function makeAttrib(attrib, value) {$/;"	f
makeAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function makeAttrib(attrib, value) {$/;"	f
makeAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function makeAttrib(attrib, value) {$/;"	f
makeAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/table.js	/^function makeAttrib(attrib, value) {$/;"	f
makeTD	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function makeTD() {$/;"	f
makeTD	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function makeTD() {$/;"	f
mapdata	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/map_controller.rb	/^  def mapdata$/;"	f
menus	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="menus"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
mergeCells	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/merge_cells.js	/^function mergeCells() {$/;"	f
mergeCells	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/merge_cells.js	/^function mergeCells() {$/;"	f
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_detail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="method_detail"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_missing	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def method_missing(name, *args)$/;"	f
method_missing	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def method_missing(operator, *args)$/;"	f
method_missing	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def method_missing(name, *args, &block)$/;"	f
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="method_summary"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
method_summary	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Menu.class.js.html	/^	<a name="method_summary"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
minorVersion	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="minorVersion"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
moveBy	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="moveBy"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
moveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function moveContent() {$/;"	f
moveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function moveContent() {$/;"	f
moveRelativeTo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="moveRelativeTo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
moveTo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="moveTo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
moveToBookmark	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="moveToBookmark"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
move_from	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def move_from(local_dir, just_uploaded)$/;"	f
movies	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/mysql.sql	/^CREATE TABLE movies ($/;"	t
myCustomSetupContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/option_setupcontent_callback.html	/^function myCustomSetupContent(editor_id, body, doc) {$/;"	f
my_store_dir	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def my_store_dir$/;"	f
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/help-doc.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/GLOBALS.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_bottom_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/help-doc.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_bottom_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/help-doc.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Array.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Cleanup.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Control.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_DOMUtils.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Debug.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Engine.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Event.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Layer.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Menu.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Popup.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Selection.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_URL.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_UndoRedo.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary.html	/^<a name="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-tree.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/help-doc.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/index-all.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Array.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Cleanup.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Control.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_DOMUtils.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Debug.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Engine.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Event.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_ForceParagraphs.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Layer.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Menu.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Popup.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_Selection.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_URL.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary-TinyMCE_UndoRedo.class.js.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-summary.html	/^<a name="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/a>$/;"	a
navbar_top_firstrow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/overview-tree.html	/^<A NAME="navbar_top_firstrow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
nbsp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^    def nbsp(n)$/;"	f
needs_transform?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def needs_transform?$/;"	f
new	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f
nextCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function nextCell(elm) {$/;"	f
nextCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function nextCell(elm) {$/;"	f
nextElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function nextElm(node, names) {$/;"	f
nextElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function nextElm(node, names) {$/;"	f
nextNode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="nextNode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
normalize_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/abstract_unit.rb	/^  def normalize_path(path)$/;"	f
onLoad	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="onLoad"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
onLoad	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="onLoad"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onLoadInit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function onLoadInit() {$/;"	f
onMouseMove	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="onMouseMove"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
onSelectMainImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function onSelectMainImage(target_form_element, name, value) {$/;"	f
onSelectMainImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function onSelectMainImage(target_form_element, name, value) {$/;"	f
on_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def on_save(&blk)$/;"	f
openBrower	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function openBrower(img_id, target_form_element, type, option) {$/;"	f
openBrower	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function openBrower(img_id, target_form_element, type, option) {$/;"	f
openBrowser	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="openBrowser"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
openWindow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="openWindow"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^      def options$/;"	f
options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def options$/;"	f
or_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def or_condition(*args, &block)$/;"	f
original_filename	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^    def original_filename$/;"	f
parseFunction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseFunction(onclick) {$/;"	f
parseFunction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseFunction(onclick) {$/;"	f
parseInt	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="parseInt"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
parseLink	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseLink(link) {$/;"	f
parseLink	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseLink(link) {$/;"	f
parseOptions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseOptions(opts) {$/;"	f
parseOptions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseOptions(opts) {$/;"	f
parseRuleStr	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="parseRuleStr"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
parseStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="parseStyle"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
parseStyleElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function parseStyleElement(e) {$/;"	f
parseStyleElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function parseStyleElement(e) {$/;"	f
parseURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="parseURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
parseWindowOpen	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseWindowOpen(onclick) {$/;"	f
parseWindowOpen	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function parseWindowOpen(onclick) {$/;"	f
parse_temp_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def parse_temp_path(temp_path, instance_options=nil)$/;"	f
patchCallback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function patchCallback(settings, key) {$/;"	f
patchCallback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function patchCallback(settings, key) {$/;"	f
paths	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="paths"><\/a>$/;"	a
pickColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function pickColor(e, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
pickColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="pickColor"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
pickColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function pickColor(e, target_form_element) {$/;"	f
plugins	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="plugins"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
plugins	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="plugins"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown/ClassMethods.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Array/Dropdown.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/DropdownTest.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/init_rb.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/lib/acts_as_dropdown_rb.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
popupCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/lib/dropdown_rb.html	/^  function popupCode( url ) {$/;"	f
preinit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function preinit() {$/;"	f
preinit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function preinit() {$/;"	f
preinit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function preinit() {$/;"	f
preinit	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function preinit() {$/;"	f
prevElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function prevElm(node, name) {$/;"	f
prevElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function prevElm(node, name) {$/;"	f
prevNode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="prevNode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
previewChar	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function previewChar(codeA, codeB, codeN) {$/;"	f
previewChar	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function previewChar(codeA, codeB, codeN) {$/;"	f
print	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def print$/;"	f
process_options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def self.process_options(options,create_name=true)$/;"	F
queryCommandState	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="queryCommandState"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
queryCommandValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="queryCommandValue"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
queryInstanceCommandState	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="queryInstanceCommandState"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
queryInstanceCommandValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="queryInstanceCommandValue"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
quotes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="quotes"><\/a>$/;"	a
read_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def read_image(path)$/;"	f
redo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="redo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
regexpReplace	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="regexpReplace"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
relative_dir	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def relative_dir$/;"	f
relative_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def relative_path(subdir=nil)$/;"	f
relative_path_prefix	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def relative_path_prefix$/;"	f
releaseDate	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="releaseDate"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
remove	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="remove"><\/a>$/;"	a
removeCSSClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="removeCSSClass"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
removeFromArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function removeFromArray(in_array, remove_array) {$/;"	f
removeFromArray	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function removeFromArray(in_array, remove_array) {$/;"	f
removeMCEControl	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="removeMCEControl"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
removeTinyMCEFormElements	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="removeTinyMCEFormElements"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
renameElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="renameElement"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
renderCharMapHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function renderCharMapHTML() {$/;"	f
renderCharMapHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/charmap.js	/^function renderCharMapHTML() {$/;"	f
renderColorMap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function renderColorMap() {$/;"	f
renderColorMap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function renderColorMap() {$/;"	f
renderWordWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function renderWordWrap() {$/;"	f
renderWordWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function renderWordWrap() {$/;"	f
repaint	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="repaint"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
replaceSel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function replaceSel(search_str, str, back) {$/;"	f
replaceSel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function replaceSel(search_str, str, back) {$/;"	f
replaceVar	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="replaceVar"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
request	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def request$/;"	f
rescue_action	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/catalogue_controller_test.rb	/^class CatalogueController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	f
rescue_action	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	/^class HomeController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	f
rescue_action	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/map_controller_test.rb	/^class MapController; def rescue_action(e) raise e end; end$/;"	f
rescue_action	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/helper_testcase.rb	/^  def rescue_action(e) raise e end;$/;"	f
resetForm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="resetForm"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
resetImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function resetImageData() {$/;"	f
resetImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function resetImageData() {$/;"	f
resetImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function resetImageData() {$/;"	f
resetImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function resetImageData() {$/;"	f
resizeBy	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="resizeBy"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeInputs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function resizeInputs() {$/;"	f
resizeTo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="resizeTo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
resizeToContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="resizeToContent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
resizeToInnerSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="resizeToInnerSize"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
restoreSelection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Popup.html	/^   <A NAME="restoreSelection"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
s	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/license.html	/^functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object$/;"	f
sanitize_filename	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^  def self.sanitize_filename(filename)$/;"	F
save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def save$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pastetext.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/jscripts/pasteword.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
saveContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function saveContent() {$/;"	f
scrollToNode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="scrollToNode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
search	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/controllers/catalogue_controller.rb	/^  def search$/;"	f
searchNext	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function searchNext(replacemode) {$/;"	f
searchNext	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function searchNext() {$/;"	f
searchNext	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/replace.js	/^function searchNext(replacemode) {$/;"	f
searchNext	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/jscripts/search.js	/^function searchNext() {$/;"	f
selectByValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function selectByValue(select_elm, value, first_index) {$/;"	f
selectByValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function selectByValue(form_obj, field_name, value, add_custom, ignore_case) {$/;"	f
selectByValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/editor_template_src.js	/^		function selectByValue(select_elm, value, first_index) {$/;"	f
selectByValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function selectByValue(form_obj, field_name, value, add_custom, ignore_case) {$/;"	f
selectColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function selectColor() {$/;"	f
selectColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function selectColor() {$/;"	f
selectNode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Selection.html	/^   <A NAME="selectNode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
selectNodes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="selectNodes"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
selection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="selection"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
serializeNodeAsHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="serializeNodeAsHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
serializeNodeAsXML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="serializeNodeAsXML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
serializeStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="serializeStyle"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
serializeStyleElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function serializeStyleElement(d) {$/;"	f
serializeStyleElement	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function serializeStyleElement(d) {$/;"	f
serializeURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="serializeURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setAllAttribs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAllAttribs(elm) {$/;"	f
setAllAttribs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAllAttribs(elm) {$/;"	f
setAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAttrib(elm, attrib, value) {$/;"	f
setAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAttrib(elm, attrib, value) {$/;"	f
setAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setAttrib"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAttrib(elm, attrib, value) {$/;"	f
setAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setAttrib(elm, attrib, value) {$/;"	f
setBaseHREF	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="setBaseHREF"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setBlockMode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="setBlockMode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setBrowserDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function setBrowserDisabled(id, state) {$/;"	f
setBrowserDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function setBrowserDisabled(id, state) {$/;"	f
setContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setContent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setFormValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setFormValue(name, value) {$/;"	f
setFormValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setFormValue(name, value) {$/;"	f
setInnerHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setInnerHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setMeta	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function setMeta(he, k, v) {$/;"	f
setMeta	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function setMeta(he, k, v) {$/;"	f
setOuterHTML	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setOuterHTML"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setPluginBaseURL	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setPluginBaseURL"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setPopupControlsDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setPopupControlsDisabled(state) {$/;"	f
setPopupControlsDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setPopupControlsDisabled(state) {$/;"	f
setStyleAttrib	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setStyleAttrib"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setSwapImageDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setSwapImageDisabled(state) {$/;"	f
setSwapImageDisabled	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function setSwapImageDisabled(state) {$/;"	f
setValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setValue(f, n, v) {$/;"	f
setValue	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setValue(f, n, v) {$/;"	f
setWindowArg	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setWindowArg"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function setWrap(val) {$/;"	f
setWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function setWrap(val) {$/;"	f
settings	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="settings"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/catalogue_controller_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/map_controller_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/helper_testcase.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setup	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_view_only_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f
setupBox	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setupBox(f, ce, fp, pr, sf, b) {$/;"	f
setupBox	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setupBox(f, ce, fp, pr, sf, b) {$/;"	f
setupContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function setupContent(editor_id, body, doc) {$/;"	f
setupContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="setupContent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
setupContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function setupContent(editor_id, body, doc) {$/;"	f
setupFormData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setupFormData() {$/;"	f
setupFormData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function setupFormData() {$/;"	f
setupIframe	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function setupIframe(doc) {$/;"	f
setupIframe	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function setupIframe(doc) {$/;"	f
setup_fixture_files	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/test_case.rb	/^  def setup_fixture_files$/;"	f
shortcuts	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="shortcuts"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
show	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/doc/vsezagorod_html4.rar_FILES/hide.js	/^function show(elemId){ $/;"	f
show	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/hide.js	/^function show(elemId){ $/;"	f
show	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="show"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
show	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f
showAddMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function showAddMenu() {$/;"	f
showAddMenu	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function showAddMenu() {$/;"	f
showColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function showColor(color) {$/;"	f
showColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/color_picker.js	/^function showColor(color) {$/;"	f
showDisabledControls	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function showDisabledControls() {$/;"	f
showDisabledControls	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function showDisabledControls() {$/;"	f
showPreviewImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function showPreviewImage(src, start) {$/;"	f
showPreviewImage	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function showPreviewImage(src, start) {$/;"	f
size	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_compat.rb	/^    def size$/;"	f
sort_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^  def sort_clause()$/;"	f
sort_header_tag	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^  def sort_header_tag(column, options = {})$/;"	f
sort_init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^  def sort_init(default_key, options={})$/;"	f
sort_link	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^  def sort_link(column, text=nil)$/;"	f
sort_update	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/sort_helper.rb	/^  def sort_update()$/;"	f
split	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="split"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
split_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def split_extension(filename,fallback=nil)$/;"	f
states	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/fixtures/mysql.sql	/^CREATE TABLE states ($/;"	t
storeAwayURLs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="storeAwayURLs"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
store_dir	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def store_dir$/;"	f
store_upload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def store_upload(file)$/;"	f
strip	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="strip"><\/a>$/;"	a
strip_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def strip_extension(filename)$/;"	f
styleUpdated	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function styleUpdated() {$/;"	f
styleUpdated	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function styleUpdated() {$/;"	f
submitPatch	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="submitPatch"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
support	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="support"><\/a>$/;"	a
switchClass	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="switchClass"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
switchClassCache	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="switchClassCache"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
switchSettings	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="switchSettings"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
synch	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function synch(fr, to) {$/;"	f
synch	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function synch(fr, to) {$/;"	f
td_input_label	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/app/helpers/catalogue_helper.rb	/^  def td_input_label(id,name,value)$/;"	f
teardown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f
teardown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f
teardown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_view_only_test.rb	/^  def teardown$/;"	f
teardown_fixture_files	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/test_case.rb	/^  def teardown_fixture_files$/;"	f
temp_path	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def temp_path$/;"	f
testRegExp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function testRegExp(form_name, element_name, re) {$/;"	f
testRegExp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function testRegExp(form_name, element_name, re) {$/;"	f
test_access_with_empty_id	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_access_with_empty_id$/;"	f
test_append_class_constant_for_sti	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_append_class_constant_for_sti$/;"	f
test_array_to_dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_array_to_dropdown$/;"	f
test_array_to_dropdown_change_text	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_array_to_dropdown_change_text$/;"	f
test_assign_standard_files	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_assign_standard_files$/;"	f
test_assign_with_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_assign_with_save$/;"	f
test_assign_without_save_with_stringio	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_assign_without_save_with_stringio$/;"	f
test_assign_without_save_with_tempfile	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_assign_without_save_with_tempfile$/;"	f
test_case_insensitive_conditions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_case_insensitive_conditions$/;"	f
test_case_insensitive_multi_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_case_insensitive_multi_clause$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_all	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_all$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_conditions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_conditions$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_order	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_order$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_text	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_text$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_text_at_class	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_text_at_class$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_change_value	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_change_value$/;"	f
test_class_to_dropdown_method	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/test/dropdown_test.rb	/^  def test_class_to_dropdown_method$/;"	f
test_clause_method	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_clause_method$/;"	f
test_cleanup_after_destroy	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_cleanup_after_destroy$/;"	f
test_clone_from_active_record_instance	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_clone_from_active_record_instance$/;"	f
test_column_read_method	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_column_read_method$/;"	f
test_column_write_method	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_column_write_method$/;"	f
test_complex_callback_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_complex_callback_transformation$/;"	f
test_complex_sub_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_complex_sub_condition$/;"	f
test_complex_version_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_complex_version_transformation$/;"	f
test_compose_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_compose_condition$/;"	f
test_conditions_from_params_and_example	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_conditions_from_params_and_example  $/;"	f
test_conditions_from_params_or_example	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_conditions_from_params_or_example$/;"	f
test_conditions_hash	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_conditions_hash$/;"	f
test_correct_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_correct_extension$/;"	f
test_create_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_create_clause$/;"	f
test_create_clause_from_map	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_create_clause_from_map$/;"	f
test_custom_clause_class	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_custom_clause_class$/;"	f
test_default_options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_default_options$/;"	f
test_define_sub_condition_syntax_refinements	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_define_sub_condition_syntax_refinements$/;"	f
test_delete_image_on_non_null_column	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_delete_image_on_non_null_column$/;"	f
test_delete_nonexistant_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_delete_nonexistant_image$/;"	f
test_delete_saved_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_delete_saved_image$/;"	f
test_delete_tmp_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_delete_tmp_image$/;"	f
test_detect_wrong_encoding	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_detect_wrong_encoding$/;"	f
test_dir_methods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_dir_methods$/;"	f
test_do_not_fix_file_extensions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_do_not_fix_file_extensions$/;"	f
test_double_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_double_extension$/;"	f
test_dummy	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/helper_testcase.rb	/^  def test_dummy$/;"	f
test_edit_without_touching_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_edit_without_touching_image$/;"	f
test_empty_clause_values_in_complex_block	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_empty_clause_values_in_complex_block$/;"	f
test_empty_filename	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_empty_filename$/;"	f
test_empty_tmp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_empty_tmp$/;"	f
test_empty_tmp_with_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_empty_tmp_with_image$/;"	f
test_extension_added	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_extension_added$/;"	f
test_extension_corrected	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_extension_corrected$/;"	f
test_extension_unknown_type	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_extension_unknown_type$/;"	f
test_extension_unknown_type_with_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_extension_unknown_type_with_extension$/;"	f
test_ez_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_ez_condition$/;"	f
test_ez_find	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_ez_find$/;"	f
test_ez_find_with_more_complex_queries	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_ez_find_with_more_complex_queries$/;"	f
test_ez_find_with_outer_and_inner_mapping	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_ez_find_with_outer_and_inner_mapping$/;"	f
test_ez_where	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_ez_where$/;"	f
test_filename_preserved	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_filename_preserved$/;"	f
test_filename_stored_in_attribute	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_filename_stored_in_attribute$/;"	f
test_fix_extension_with_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_fix_extension_with_file$/;"	f
test_generated_name_should_not_change	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_generated_name_should_not_change$/;"	f
test_get_content_type_with_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_get_content_type_with_file$/;"	f
test_handling_of_empty_clause_values	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_handling_of_empty_clause_values$/;"	f
test_ie_filename	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_ie_filename$/;"	f
test_image_required_with_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_image_required_with_image$/;"	f
test_image_required_with_invalid_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_image_required_with_invalid_image$/;"	f
test_imagemagick_still_usable	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_imagemagick_still_usable$/;"	f
test_include_exposes_tinymce_methods	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_include_exposes_tinymce_methods$/;"	f
test_invalid_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_invalid_image$/;"	f
test_invalid_store_dir_callback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_invalid_store_dir_callback$/;"	f
test_javascript_include_tiny_mce	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_javascript_include_tiny_mce$/;"	f
test_javascript_include_tiny_mce_if_used	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_javascript_include_tiny_mce_if_used$/;"	f
test_just_uploaded?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_just_uploaded?$/;"	f
test_keep_tmp_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_keep_tmp_image$/;"	f
test_keep_tmp_image_with_existing_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_keep_tmp_image_with_existing_image$/;"	f
test_lazy_attributes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_lazy_attributes$/;"	f
test_lazy_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_lazy_transformation$/;"	f
test_multi_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_multi_clause$/;"	f
test_multi_clause_ez_where	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_multi_clause_ez_where$/;"	f
test_negate_condition	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^ def test_negate_condition$/;"	f
test_negate_ez_where	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^ def test_negate_ez_where   $/;"	f
test_no_extension_without_content_type	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_no_extension_without_content_type$/;"	f
test_no_file_uploaded	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_no_file_uploaded$/;"	f
test_no_file_uploaded_with_safari	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_no_file_uploaded_with_safari$/;"	f
test_null_value_to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_null_value_to_sql$/;"	f
test_permission_that_overrides_umask	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_permission_that_overrides_umask$/;"	f
test_permission_with_big_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_permission_with_big_file$/;"	f
test_permissions_with_rmagick	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_permissions_with_rmagick$/;"	f
test_permissions_with_small_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_permissions_with_small_file$/;"	f
test_plugin_includes_tiny_mce_module_on_action_controller	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_plugin_includes_tiny_mce_module_on_action_controller$/;"	f
test_relative_url_root_not_modified	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_relative_url_root_not_modified$/;"	f
test_replace_image_on_saved_object	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_replace_image_on_saved_object$/;"	f
test_replace_tmp_image_temp_first	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_replace_tmp_image_temp_first$/;"	f
test_replace_tmp_image_temp_last	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_replace_tmp_image_temp_last$/;"	f
test_resize_on_saved_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_resize_on_saved_image$/;"	f
test_sanitize_filename	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_sanitize_filename$/;"	f
test_save_without_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_save_without_image$/;"	f
test_serializable	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_serializable$/;"	f
test_serializable_before_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_serializable_before_save$/;"	f
test_should_accept_version_hash	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_accept_version_hash$/;"	f
test_should_call_after_upload_on_new_upload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_call_after_upload_on_new_upload$/;"	f
test_should_call_user_after_save_on_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_call_user_after_save_on_save$/;"	f
test_should_create_lazy_version_on_demand	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_create_lazy_version_on_demand$/;"	f
test_should_create_safe_auto_id	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_create_safe_auto_id$/;"	f
test_should_create_thumb	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_create_thumb$/;"	f
test_should_create_version_with_string	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_create_version_with_string$/;"	f
test_should_crop_image_on_upload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_crop_image_on_upload$/;"	f
test_should_move_additional_files_from_tmp	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_move_additional_files_from_tmp$/;"	f
test_should_move_direcotries_on_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_move_direcotries_on_save$/;"	f
test_should_not_create_lazy_versions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_not_create_lazy_versions$/;"	f
test_should_overwrite_dirs_with_files_on_reupload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_overwrite_dirs_with_files_on_reupload$/;"	f
test_should_overwrite_files_with_dirs_on_reupload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_should_overwrite_files_with_dirs_on_reupload$/;"	f
test_should_use_string_as_size	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_use_string_as_size$/;"	f
test_should_use_version_on_symbol_option	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_should_use_version_on_symbol_option$/;"	f
test_simple_attributes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_attributes$/;"	f
test_simple_callback_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_callback_transformation$/;"	f
test_simple_resize_with_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_resize_with_save$/;"	f
test_simple_resize_without_save	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_resize_without_save$/;"	f
test_simple_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_transformation$/;"	f
test_simple_version_transformation	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_simple_version_transformation$/;"	f
test_soundex_clause	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_soundex_clause$/;"	f
test_sql_in_statement_and_any_of_all_of	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_sql_in_statement_and_any_of_all_of$/;"	f
test_store_dir_callback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_store_dir_callback$/;"	f
test_subdir_parameter	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_subdir_parameter$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_alias_is_available_for_helper	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_alias_is_available_for_helper$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_option_validator	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_option_validator$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_option_validator_for_plugin_options	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_option_validator_for_plugin_options$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_overriding_default_values	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_overriding_default_values$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_raises_exception	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_raises_exception$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_with_array_of_plugins_produces_comma_separated_values	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_with_array_of_plugins_produces_comma_separated_values$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_with_default_options_produces_tiny_mce_with_simple_theme_in_textareas_mode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_with_default_options_produces_tiny_mce_with_simple_theme_in_textareas_mode$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_with_false_value_for_debug_produces_false_literal	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_with_false_value_for_debug_produces_false_literal$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_with_numeric_value_for_width_produces_string	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_with_numeric_value_for_width_produces_string$/;"	f
test_tiny_mce_with_true_value_for_debug_produces_true_literal	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_tiny_mce_with_true_value_for_debug_produces_true_literal$/;"	f
test_tmp_dir_with_store_dir_callback	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_tmp_dir_with_store_dir_callback$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/catalogue_controller_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/functional/map_controller_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/building_lot_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/building_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/buildobject_lot_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/buildobject_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/city_distance_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/departure_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/electricity_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/full_price_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/gas_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/green_lot_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/green_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/ground_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/groundwater_level_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_noise_source_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_relief_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lot_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_distance_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_surface_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/lotroad_width_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_distance_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/nature_type_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_distance_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/neighbour_type_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/noise_source_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/noise_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/placement_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/price_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/region_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/relief_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_distance_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/route_type_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/square_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/test/unit/water_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_truth	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_truth$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_should_return_nil_on_no_uploaded_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_should_return_nil_on_no_uploaded_file$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_with_saved_entry	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_with_saved_entry$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_with_temp_entry	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_with_temp_entry$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_without_extension	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_without_extension$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_works_with_object	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_works_with_object$/;"	f
test_url_for_file_column_works_with_symbol	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_file_column_works_with_symbol$/;"	f
test_url_for_image_column_without_model_versions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_view_only_test.rb	/^  def test_url_for_image_column_without_model_versions$/;"	f
test_uses_text_editor_is_available_as_alias	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_uses_text_editor_is_available_as_alias$/;"	f
test_uses_tiny_mce_with_only_options_does_not_set_instance_variable_for_show	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_uses_tiny_mce_with_only_options_does_not_set_instance_variable_for_show$/;"	f
test_uses_tiny_mce_with_only_options_sets_instance_variable_to_true_for_new	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_uses_tiny_mce_with_only_options_sets_instance_variable_to_true_for_new$/;"	f
test_uses_tiny_mce_with_options_sets_instance_variable_to_hash_for_new	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_test.rb	/^  def test_uses_tiny_mce_with_options_sets_instance_variable_to_hash_for_new$/;"	f
test_using_tiny_mce_eh	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/test/tiny_mce_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_using_tiny_mce_eh$/;"	f
test_validates_file_format_simple	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_validates_file_format_simple$/;"	f
test_validates_filesize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_validates_filesize$/;"	f
test_validates_image_size	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_validates_image_size$/;"	f
test_version_attributes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_version_attributes$/;"	f
test_version_name_can_be_different_from_key	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_version_name_can_be_different_from_key$/;"	f
test_versions_with_invalid_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def test_versions_with_invalid_image$/;"	f
test_with_conditional_clauses	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def test_with_conditional_clauses$/;"	f
test_with_image_tag	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_with_image_tag$/;"	f
test_with_link_to_tag	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_helper_test.rb	/^  def test_with_link_to_tag$/;"	f
test_with_two_file_columns	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_with_two_file_columns$/;"	f
test_with_two_models	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/file_column_test.rb	/^  def test_with_two_models$/;"	f
themes	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="themes"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
tiny_mce_init	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^  def tiny_mce_init(options = @tiny_mce_options)$/;"	f
tmp_base_dir	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def tmp_base_dir$/;"	f
to_conditions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/hash.rb	/^  def to_conditions(param = 'AND')$/;"	f
to_dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/acts_as_dropdown.rb	/^        def to_dropdown(options = {})$/;"	f
to_dropdown	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/lib/dropdown.rb	/^        def to_dropdown(text = "name", value = "id",include_blank = false, include_blank_text = "")$/;"	f
to_named_conditions	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/hash.rb	/^  def to_named_conditions(param = 'AND')$/;"	f
to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def to_sql$/;"	f
to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def to_sql; nil; end$/;"	f
to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/condition.rb	/^      def to_sql(logic = nil, parenthesis = nil)$/;"	f
to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/hash.rb	/^  def to_sql(param = 'AND')$/;"	f
to_sql	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/test/ez_where_tests.rb	/^  def to_sql$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveRecord/Acts/Dropdown/ClassMethods.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/ActiveSupport/CoreExtensions/Array/Dropdown.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/classes/DropdownTest.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/init_rb.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/lib/acts_as_dropdown_rb.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleCode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/acts_as_dropdown/doc/files/lib/dropdown_rb.html	/^  function toggleCode( id ) {$/;"	f
toggleSame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function toggleSame(ce, pre) {$/;"	f
toggleSame	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function toggleSame(ce, pre) {$/;"	f
toggleWordWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function toggleWordWrap(elm) {$/;"	f
toggleWordWrap	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/source_editor.js	/^function toggleWordWrap(elm) {$/;"	f
transform_grey	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/magick_test.rb	/^  def transform_grey(img)$/;"	f
transform_image	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def transform_image(img, img_options, dest_path)$/;"	f
transform_with_magick	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/magick_file_column.rb	/^    def transform_with_magick$/;"	f
triggerNodeChange	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="triggerNodeChange"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
triggerSave	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="triggerSave"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
triggerSave	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="triggerSave"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
trim	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="trim"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
trimRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function trimRow(table, tr, td, new_tr) {$/;"	f
trimRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/editor_plugin_src.js	/^		function trimRow(table, tr, td, new_tr) {$/;"	f
trimSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function trimSize(size) {$/;"	f
trimSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function trimSize(size) {$/;"	f
typingUndoIndex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="typingUndoIndex"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="undo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undoIndex	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="undoIndex"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undoLevels	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="undoLevels"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undoRedo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="undoRedo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undoRedo	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_UndoRedo.html	/^   <A NAME="undoRedo"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
undoRedoLevel	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Control.html	/^   <A NAME="undoRedoLevel"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
unloadHandler	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function unloadHandler(e) {$/;"	f
unloadHandler	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="unloadHandler"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
unloadHandler	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullscreen/fullscreen.htm	/^		function unloadHandler(e) {$/;"	f
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/001_create_lots.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/002_create_regions.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/003_add_sessions.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/004_create_gas.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/005_create_electricities.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/006_create_waters.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/007_create_nature_types.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/008_create_nature_distances.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/009_create_natures.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/010_create_lotroad_distances.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/011_create_lotroad_surfaces.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/012_create_lotroad_widths.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/013_create_routes.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/014_create_route_distances.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/015_create_route_types.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/016_create_placements.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/017_create_neighbours.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/018_create_neighbour_types.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/019_create_neighbour_distances.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/020_create_grounds.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/021_create_greens.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/022_create_green_lots.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/023_create_buildings.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/024_create_building_lots.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/025_create_reliefs.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/026_create_lot_reliefs.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/027_create_groundwater_levels.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/028_create_squares.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/029_create_prices.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/030_create_noises.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/031_create_noise_sources.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/032_create_lot_noise_sources.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/033_create_buildobjects.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/034_create_buildobject_lots.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/035_create_full_prices.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/036_create_city_distances.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
up	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/db/migrate/037_create_departures.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/style/jscripts/props.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateAction	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function updateAction() {$/;"	f
updateBlocker	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Layer.html	/^   <A NAME="updateBlocker"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
updateCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function updateCell(td, skip_id) {$/;"	f
updateCell	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/cell.js	/^function updateCell(td, skip_id) {$/;"	f
updateColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function updateColor(img_id, form_element_id) {$/;"	f
updateColor	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/form_utils.js	/^function updateColor(img_id, form_element_id) {$/;"	f
updateContent	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="updateContent"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
updateHeadElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function updateHeadElm(item) {$/;"	f
updateHeadElm	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/jscripts/fullpage.js	/^function updateHeadElm(item) {$/;"	f
updateImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function updateImageData() {$/;"	f
updateImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function updateImageData() {$/;"	f
updateImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function updateImageData() {$/;"	f
updateImageData	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/jscripts/image.js	/^function updateImageData() {$/;"	f
updateRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function updateRow(tr_elm, skip_id, skip_parent) {$/;"	f
updateRow	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/table/jscripts/row.js	/^function updateRow(tr_elm, skip_id, skip_parent) {$/;"	f
updateStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function updateStyle() {$/;"	f
updateStyle	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/jscripts/functions.js	/^function updateStyle() {$/;"	f
upload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column.rb	/^    def upload(file)$/;"	f
upload	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/test_case.rb	/^  def upload(path, content_type=:guess, type=:tempfile)$/;"	f
uploaded_file	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/test_case.rb	/^  def uploaded_file(path, content_type, filename, type=:tempfile) # :nodoc:$/;"	f
url_for_file_column	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column_helper.rb	/^  def url_for_file_column(object, method, options=nil)$/;"	f
url_for_image_column	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/file_column_helper.rb	/^  def url_for_image_column(object, method, options=nil)$/;"	f
uses_tiny_mce	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^    def uses_tiny_mce(options = {})$/;"	f
using_tiny_mce?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce_helper.rb	/^  def using_tiny_mce?$/;"	f
valid?	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/lib/tiny_mce.rb	/^      def valid?(option)$/;"	f
validate	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/test/fixtures/entry.rb	/^  def validate$/;"	f
validateAbsUrl	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateAbsUrl(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateAbsUrl	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateAbsUrl(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateCheckBox	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateCheckBox(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateCheckBox	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateCheckBox(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateCleanString	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateCleanString(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateCleanString	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateCleanString(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateEmail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateEmail(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateEmail	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateEmail(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateID	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateID(form_name, element_name,) {$/;"	f
validateID	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateID(form_name, element_name,) {$/;"	f
validateNumber	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateNumber(form_name, element_name, allow_blank) {$/;"	f
validateNumber	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateNumber(form_name, element_name, allow_blank) {$/;"	f
validateSelection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateSelection(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateSelection	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateSelection(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateSize(form_name, element_name,) {$/;"	f
validateSize	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateSize(form_name, element_name,) {$/;"	f
validateString	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateString(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validateString	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/public/javascripts/tiny_mce/utils/validate.js	/^function validateString(form_name, element_name) {$/;"	f
validates_file_format_of	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^      def validates_file_format_of(*attrs)$/;"	f
validates_filesize_of	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^      def validates_filesize_of(*attrs)  $/;"	f
validates_image_size	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/trunk/lib/validations.rb	/^      def validates_image_size(*attrs)      $/;"	f
values	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/ez_where/lib/caboose/clause.rb	/^      def values$/;"	f
who	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/faq.html	/^	<a name="who"><\/a>$/;"	a
windowArgs	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="windowArgs"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
xmlEncode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Cleanup.html	/^   <A NAME="xmlEncode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
xmlEncode	/home/nexus/rails_apps/zagorod/vendor/plugins/tiny_mce/docs/tinymce_api/TinyMCE_Engine.html	/^   <A NAME="xmlEncode"><!-- --><\/A>$/;"	a
